Greedy Hierarchical Variational Autoencoders for Large-Scale Video Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wu_Greedy_Hierarchical_Variational_Autoencoders_for_Large-Scale_Video_Prediction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Over-the-Air Adversarial Flickering Attacks Against Video Recognition Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Pony_Over-the-Air_Adversarial_Flickering_Attacks_Against_Video_Recognition_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Person30K: A Dual-Meta Generalization Network for Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bai_Person30K_A_Dual-Meta_Generalization_Network_for_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Privacy Preserving Localization and Mapping From Uncalibrated Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Geppert_Privacy_Preserving_Localization_and_Mapping_From_Uncalibrated_Cameras_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Removing Diffraction Image Artifacts in Under-Display Camera via Dynamic Skip Connection Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Feng_Removing_Diffraction_Image_Artifacts_in_Under-Display_Camera_via_Dynamic_Skip_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
iVPF: Numerical Invertible Volume Preserving Flow for Efficient Lossless Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_iVPF_Numerical_Invertible_Volume_Preserving_Flow_for_Efficient_Lossless_Compression_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Pose Recognition With Cascade Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Pose_Recognition_With_Cascade_Transformers_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Body Meshes as Points
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Body_Meshes_as_Points_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Style-Aware Normalized Loss for Improving Arbitrary Style Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cheng_Style-Aware_Normalized_Loss_for_Improving_Arbitrary_Style_Transfer_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Enhancing the Transferability of Adversarial Attacks Through Variance Tuning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Enhancing_the_Transferability_of_Adversarial_Attacks_Through_Variance_Tuning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
BiCnet-TKS: Learning Efficient Spatial-Temporal Representation for Video Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hou_BiCnet-TKS_Learning_Efficient_Spatial-Temporal_Representation_for_Video_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SceneGen: Learning To Generate Realistic Traffic Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tan_SceneGen_Learning_To_Generate_Realistic_Traffic_Scenes_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Zero-Shot Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zheng_Zero-Shot_Instance_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Global Transport for Fluid Reconstruction With Learned Self-Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Franz_Global_Transport_for_Fluid_Reconstruction_With_Learned_Self-Supervision_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Pulsar: Efficient Sphere-Based Neural Rendering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lassner_Pulsar_Efficient_Sphere-Based_Neural_Rendering_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Contrastive Learning Based Hybrid Networks for Long-Tailed Image Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Contrastive_Learning_Based_Hybrid_Networks_for_Long-Tailed_Image_Classification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Single-View Robot Pose and Joint Angle Estimation via Render &amp; Compare
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Labbe_Single-View_Robot_Pose_and_Joint_Angle_Estimation_via_Render__CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning the Non-Differentiable Optimization for Blind Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hui_Learning_the_Non-Differentiable_Optimization_for_Blind_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
From Synthetic to Real: Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Animal Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_From_Synthetic_to_Real_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_for_Animal_Pose_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Mask Guided Matting via Progressive Refinement Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yu_Mask_Guided_Matting_via_Progressive_Refinement_Network_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Gradient Projection Networks for Pan-sharpening
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xu_Deep_Gradient_Projection_Networks_for_Pan-sharpening_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
TDN: Temporal Difference Networks for Efficient Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_TDN_Temporal_Difference_Networks_for_Efficient_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
LiBRe: A Practical Bayesian Approach to Adversarial Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Deng_LiBRe_A_Practical_Bayesian_Approach_to_Adversarial_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
ArtCoder: An End-to-End Method for Generating Scanning-Robust Stylized QR Codes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Su_ArtCoder_An_End-to-End_Method_for_Generating_Scanning-Robust_Stylized_QR_Codes_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Improving Sign Language Translation With Monolingual Data by Sign Back-Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhou_Improving_Sign_Language_Translation_With_Monolingual_Data_by_Sign_Back-Translation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Sketch, Ground, and Refine: Top-Down Dense Video Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Deng_Sketch_Ground_and_Refine_Top-Down_Dense_Video_Captioning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Normal Integration via Inverse Plane Fitting With Minimum Point-to-Plane Distance
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cao_Normal_Integration_via_Inverse_Plane_Fitting_With_Minimum_Point-to-Plane_Distance_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Pixel Codec Avatars
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ma_Pixel_Codec_Avatars_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Probabilistic Selective Encryption of Convolutional Neural Networks for Hierarchical Services
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tian_Probabilistic_Selective_Encryption_of_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_for_Hierarchical_Services_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DeepMetaHandles: Learning Deformation Meta-Handles of 3D Meshes With Biharmonic Coordinates
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_DeepMetaHandles_Learning_Deformation_Meta-Handles_of_3D_Meshes_With_Biharmonic_Coordinates_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Globally Optimal Relative Pose Estimation With Gravity Prior
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ding_Globally_Optimal_Relative_Pose_Estimation_With_Gravity_Prior_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Mutual CRF-GNN for Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tang_Mutual_CRF-GNN_for_Few-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DoDNet: Learning To Segment Multi-Organ and Tumors From Multiple Partially Labeled Datasets
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_DoDNet_Learning_To_Segment_Multi-Organ_and_Tumors_From_Multiple_Partially_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
3D AffordanceNet: A Benchmark for Visual Object Affordance Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Deng_3D_AffordanceNet_A_Benchmark_for_Visual_Object_Affordance_Understanding_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Implicit Templates for 3D Shape Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zheng_Deep_Implicit_Templates_for_3D_Shape_Representation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation With Cross Pseudo Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Semi-Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_With_Cross_Pseudo_Supervision_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Ranking Neural Checkpoints
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Ranking_Neural_Checkpoints_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Divergence Optimization for Noisy Universal Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yu_Divergence_Optimization_for_Noisy_Universal_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Exploring Heterogeneous Clues for Weakly-Supervised Audio-Visual Video Parsing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wu_Exploring_Heterogeneous_Clues_for_Weakly-Supervised_Audio-Visual_Video_Parsing_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PAUL: Procrustean Autoencoder for Unsupervised Lifting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_PAUL_Procrustean_Autoencoder_for_Unsupervised_Lifting_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Faster Meta Update Strategy for Noise-Robust Deep Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xu_Faster_Meta_Update_Strategy_for_Noise-Robust_Deep_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
ContactOpt: Optimizing Contact To Improve Grasps
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Grady_ContactOpt_Optimizing_Contact_To_Improve_Grasps_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Source-Free Domain Adaptation for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Source-Free_Domain_Adaptation_for_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Depth From Camera Motion and Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Griffin_Depth_From_Camera_Motion_and_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PPR10K: A Large-Scale Portrait Photo Retouching Dataset With Human-Region Mask and Group-Level Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liang_PPR10K_A_Large-Scale_Portrait_Photo_Retouching_Dataset_With_Human-Region_Mask_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Cyclic Co-Learning of Sounding Object Visual Grounding and Sound Separation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tian_Cyclic_Co-Learning_of_Sounding_Object_Visual_Grounding_and_Sound_Separation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Beyond Static Features for Temporally Consistent 3D Human Pose and Shape From a Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Choi_Beyond_Static_Features_for_Temporally_Consistent_3D_Human_Pose_and_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Continual Semantic Segmentation via Repulsion-Attraction of Sparse and Disentangled Latent Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Michieli_Continual_Semantic_Segmentation_via_Repulsion-Attraction_of_Sparse_and_Disentangled_Latent_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Recorrupted-to-Recorrupted: Unsupervised Deep Learning for Image Denoising
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Pang_Recorrupted-to-Recorrupted_Unsupervised_Deep_Learning_for_Image_Denoising_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Reconsidering Representation Alignment for Multi-View Clustering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Trosten_Reconsidering_Representation_Alignment_for_Multi-View_Clustering_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
TransFill: Reference-Guided Image Inpainting by Merging Multiple Color and Spatial Transformations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhou_TransFill_Reference-Guided_Image_Inpainting_by_Merging_Multiple_Color_and_Spatial_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Bi-GCN: Binary Graph Convolutional Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Bi-GCN_Binary_Graph_Convolutional_Network_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Iterative Filter Adaptive Network for Single Image Defocus Deblurring
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lee_Iterative_Filter_Adaptive_Network_for_Single_Image_Defocus_Deblurring_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
UPFlow: Upsampling Pyramid for Unsupervised Optical Flow Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Luo_UPFlow_Upsampling_Pyramid_for_Unsupervised_Optical_Flow_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
OTA: Optimal Transport Assignment for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ge_OTA_Optimal_Transport_Assignment_for_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Skeleton Merger: An Unsupervised Aligned Keypoint Detector
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Shi_Skeleton_Merger_An_Unsupervised_Aligned_Keypoint_Detector_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation With Directional Context-Aware Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lai_Semi-Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_With_Directional_Context-Aware_Consistency_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Incremental Few-Shot Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ganea_Incremental_Few-Shot_Instance_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Mining Better Samples for Contrastive Learning of Temporal Correspondence
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jeon_Mining_Better_Samples_for_Contrastive_Learning_of_Temporal_Correspondence_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Exemplar-Based Open-Set Panoptic Segmentation Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hwang_Exemplar-Based_Open-Set_Panoptic_Segmentation_Network_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Deep Classifiers Consistent With Fine-Grained Novelty Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cheng_Learning_Deep_Classifiers_Consistent_With_Fine-Grained_Novelty_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SAIL-VOS 3D: A Synthetic Dataset and Baselines for Object Detection and 3D Mesh Reconstruction From Video Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hu_SAIL-VOS_3D_A_Synthetic_Dataset_and_Baselines_for_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deep RGB-D Saliency Detection With Depth-Sensitive Attention and Automatic Multi-Modal Fusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sun_Deep_RGB-D_Saliency_Detection_With_Depth-Sensitive_Attention_and_Automatic_Multi-Modal_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Understanding the Behaviour of Contrastive Loss
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Understanding_the_Behaviour_of_Contrastive_Loss_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Dual Contradistinctive Generative Autoencoder
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Parmar_Dual_Contradistinctive_Generative_Autoencoder_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Semantic-Aware Video Text Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Feng_Semantic-Aware_Video_Text_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Image Change Captioning by Learning From an Auxiliary Task
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hosseinzadeh_Image_Change_Captioning_by_Learning_From_an_Auxiliary_Task_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
FVC: A New Framework Towards Deep Video Compression in Feature Space
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hu_FVC_A_New_Framework_Towards_Deep_Video_Compression_in_Feature_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Exponential Moving Average Normalization for Self-Supervised and Semi-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cai_Exponential_Moving_Average_Normalization_for_Self-Supervised_and_Semi-Supervised_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Controllable Image Restoration for Under-Display Camera in Smartphones
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kwon_Controllable_Image_Restoration_for_Under-Display_Camera_in_Smartphones_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Farewell to Mutual Information: Variational Distillation for Cross-Modal Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tian_Farewell_to_Mutual_Information_Variational_Distillation_for_Cross-Modal_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
LipSync3D: Data-Efficient Learning of Personalized 3D Talking Faces From Video Using Pose and Lighting Normalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lahiri_LipSync3D_Data-Efficient_Learning_of_Personalized_3D_Talking_Faces_From_Video_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Quasi-Dense Similarity Learning for Multiple Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Pang_Quasi-Dense_Similarity_Learning_for_Multiple_Object_Tracking_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Distilling Object Detectors via Decoupled Features
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Guo_Distilling_Object_Detectors_via_Decoupled_Features_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Roof-GAN: Learning To Generate Roof Geometry and Relations for Residential Houses
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Qian_Roof-GAN_Learning_To_Generate_Roof_Geometry_and_Relations_for_Residential_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
NetAdaptV2: Efficient Neural Architecture Search With Fast Super-Network Training and Architecture Optimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_NetAdaptV2_Efficient_Neural_Architecture_Search_With_Fast_Super-Network_Training_and_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PhD Learning: Learning With Pompeiu-Hausdorff Distances for Video-Based Vehicle Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhao_PhD_Learning_Learning_With_Pompeiu-Hausdorff_Distances_for_Video-Based_Vehicle_Re-Identification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
KeepAugment: A Simple Information-Preserving Data Augmentation Approach
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gong_KeepAugment_A_Simple_Information-Preserving_Data_Augmentation_Approach_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Reinforced Attention for Few-Shot Learning and Beyond
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hong_Reinforced_Attention_for_Few-Shot_Learning_and_Beyond_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
HOTR: End-to-End Human-Object Interaction Detection With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kim_HOTR_End-to-End_Human-Object_Interaction_Detection_With_Transformers_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Triple-Cooperative Video Shadow Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Triple-Cooperative_Video_Shadow_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Automated Log-Scale Quantization for Low-Cost Deep Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Oh_Automated_Log-Scale_Quantization_for_Low-Cost_Deep_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Positive-Unlabeled Data Purification in the Wild for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Guo_Positive-Unlabeled_Data_Purification_in_the_Wild_for_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
ArtFlow: Unbiased Image Style Transfer via Reversible Neural Flows
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/An_ArtFlow_Unbiased_Image_Style_Transfer_via_Reversible_Neural_Flows_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Zillow Indoor Dataset: Annotated Floor Plans With 360deg Panoramas and 3D Room Layouts
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cruz_Zillow_Indoor_Dataset_Annotated_Floor_Plans_With_360deg_Panoramas_and_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Achieving Robustness in Classification Using Optimal Transport With Hinge Regularization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Serrurier_Achieving_Robustness_in_Classification_Using_Optimal_Transport_With_Hinge_Regularization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Hyper-LifelongGAN: Scalable Lifelong Learning for Image Conditioned Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhai_Hyper-LifelongGAN_Scalable_Lifelong_Learning_for_Image_Conditioned_Generation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
CoSMo: Content-Style Modulation for Image Retrieval With Text Feedback
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lee_CoSMo_Content-Style_Modulation_for_Image_Retrieval_With_Text_Feedback_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Temporal Context Aggregation Network for Temporal Action Proposal Refinement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Qing_Temporal_Context_Aggregation_Network_for_Temporal_Action_Proposal_Refinement_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
GANmut: Learning Interpretable Conditional Space for Gamut of Emotions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/dApolito_GANmut_Learning_Interpretable_Conditional_Space_for_Gamut_of_Emotions_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Mixed-Privacy Forgetting in Deep Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Golatkar_Mixed-Privacy_Forgetting_in_Deep_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
TediGAN: Text-Guided Diverse Face Image Generation and Manipulation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xia_TediGAN_Text-Guided_Diverse_Face_Image_Generation_and_Manipulation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Fusing the Old with the New: Learning Relative Camera Pose with Geometry-Guided Uncertainty
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhuang_Fusing_the_Old_with_the_New_Learning_Relative_Camera_Pose_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Neural Deformation Graphs for Globally-Consistent Non-Rigid Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bozic_Neural_Deformation_Graphs_for_Globally-Consistent_Non-Rigid_Reconstruction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
BBAM: Bounding Box Attribution Map for Weakly Supervised Semantic and Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lee_BBAM_Bounding_Box_Attribution_Map_for_Weakly_Supervised_Semantic_and_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Single-Stage Instance Shadow Detection With Bidirectional Relation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Single-Stage_Instance_Shadow_Detection_With_Bidirectional_Relation_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Semantic Segmentation for Real Point Cloud Scenes via Bilateral Augmentation and Adaptive Fusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Qiu_Semantic_Segmentation_for_Real_Point_Cloud_Scenes_via_Bilateral_Augmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Graph Embeddings for Compositional Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Naeem_Learning_Graph_Embeddings_for_Compositional_Zero-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Zero-Shot Adversarial Quantization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Zero-Shot_Adversarial_Quantization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Privacy-Preserving Collaborative Learning With Automatic Transformation Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gao_Privacy-Preserving_Collaborative_Learning_With_Automatic_Transformation_Search_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Modal Relational Graph for Cross-Modal Video Moment Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zeng_Multi-Modal_Relational_Graph_for_Cross-Modal_Video_Moment_Retrieval_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Limitations of Post-Hoc Feature Alignment for Robustness
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Burns_Limitations_of_Post-Hoc_Feature_Alignment_for_Robustness_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Roses Are Red, Violets Are Blue... but Should VQA Expect Them To?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kervadec_Roses_Are_Red_Violets_Are_Blue..._but_Should_VQA_Expect_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
UP-DETR: Unsupervised Pre-Training for Object Detection With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Dai_UP-DETR_Unsupervised_Pre-Training_for_Object_Detection_With_Transformers_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
CRFace: Confidence Ranker for Model-Agnostic Face Detection Refinement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Vesdapunt_CRFace_Confidence_Ranker_for_Model-Agnostic_Face_Detection_Refinement_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Efficient Regional Memory Network for Video Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xie_Efficient_Regional_Memory_Network_for_Video_Object_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Discovering Relationships Between Object Categories via Universal Canonical Maps
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Neverova_Discovering_Relationships_Between_Object_Categories_via_Universal_Canonical_Maps_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Rethinking and Improving the Robustness of Image Style Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Rethinking_and_Improving_the_Robustness_of_Image_Style_Transfer_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Coarse-To-Fine Person Re-Identification With Auxiliary-Domain Classification and Second-Order Information Bottleneck
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Coarse-To-Fine_Person_Re-Identification_With_Auxiliary-Domain_Classification_and_Second-Order_Information_Bottleneck_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
GAIA: A Transfer Learning System of Object Detection That Fits Your Needs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bu_GAIA_A_Transfer_Learning_System_of_Object_Detection_That_Fits_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Associate Every Segment for Video Panoptic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Woo_Learning_To_Associate_Every_Segment_for_Video_Panoptic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
A Peek Into the Reasoning of Neural Networks: Interpreting With Structural Visual Concepts
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ge_A_Peek_Into_the_Reasoning_of_Neural_Networks_Interpreting_With_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Non-Salient Region Object Mining for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yao_Non-Salient_Region_Object_Mining_for_Weakly_Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Bridging the Visual Gap: Wide-Range Image Blending
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lu_Bridging_the_Visual_Gap_Wide-Range_Image_Blending_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
StereoPIFu: Depth Aware Clothed Human Digitization via Stereo Vision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hong_StereoPIFu_Depth_Aware_Clothed_Human_Digitization_via_Stereo_Vision_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Debiased Subjective Assessment of Real-World Image Enhancement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cao_Debiased_Subjective_Assessment_of_Real-World_Image_Enhancement_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Neural Reprojection Error: Merging Feature Learning and Camera Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Germain_Neural_Reprojection_Error_Merging_Feature_Learning_and_Camera_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
StickyPillars: Robust and Efficient Feature Matching on Point Clouds Using Graph Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Fischer_StickyPillars_Robust_and_Efficient_Feature_Matching_on_Point_Clouds_Using_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
HoHoNet: 360 Indoor Holistic Understanding With Latent Horizontal Features
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sun_HoHoNet_360_Indoor_Holistic_Understanding_With_Latent_Horizontal_Features_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Recover 3D Scene Shape From a Single Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yin_Learning_To_Recover_3D_Scene_Shape_From_a_Single_Image_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
FS-Net: Fast Shape-Based Network for Category-Level 6D Object Pose Estimation With Decoupled Rotation Mechanism
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_FS-Net_Fast_Shape-Based_Network_for_Category-Level_6D_Object_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Human Pose Estimation Through Transforming Shape Templates
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Schmidtke_Unsupervised_Human_Pose_Estimation_Through_Transforming_Shape_Templates_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Improving OCR-Based Image Captioning by Incorporating Geometrical Relationship
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Improving_OCR-Based_Image_Captioning_by_Incorporating_Geometrical_Relationship_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Monocular 3D Reconstruction of Articulated Categories From Motion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kokkinos_Learning_Monocular_3D_Reconstruction_of_Articulated_Categories_From_Motion_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
RankDetNet: Delving Into Ranking Constraints for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_RankDetNet_Delving_Into_Ranking_Constraints_for_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Denoising of Flash and No-Flash Pairs for Photography in Low-Light Environments
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xia_Deep_Denoising_of_Flash_and_No-Flash_Pairs_for_Photography_in_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Transformer Interpretability Beyond Attention Visualization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chefer_Transformer_Interpretability_Beyond_Attention_Visualization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Can We Characterize Tasks Without Labels or Features?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wallace_Can_We_Characterize_Tasks_Without_Labels_or_Features_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Rotation-Only Bundle Adjustment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lee_Rotation-Only_Bundle_Adjustment_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
FixBi: Bridging Domain Spaces for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Na_FixBi_Bridging_Domain_Spaces_for_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Camera Localization via Dense Scene Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tang_Learning_Camera_Localization_via_Dense_Scene_Matching_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PANDA: Adapting Pretrained Features for Anomaly Detection and Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Reiss_PANDA_Adapting_Pretrained_Features_for_Anomaly_Detection_and_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
ReDet: A Rotation-Equivariant Detector for Aerial Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Han_ReDet_A_Rotation-Equivariant_Detector_for_Aerial_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Progressive Modality Reinforcement for Human Multimodal Emotion Recognition From Unaligned Multimodal Sequences
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lv_Progressive_Modality_Reinforcement_for_Human_Multimodal_Emotion_Recognition_From_Unaligned_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Semantic-Aware Knowledge Distillation for Few-Shot Class-Incremental Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cheraghian_Semantic-Aware_Knowledge_Distillation_for_Few-Shot_Class-Incremental_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Keep Your Eyes on the Lane: Real-Time Attention-Guided Lane Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tabelini_Keep_Your_Eyes_on_the_Lane_Real-Time_Attention-Guided_Lane_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Multi-Frame Monocular Scene Flow
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hur_Self-Supervised_Multi-Frame_Monocular_Scene_Flow_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
AQD: Towards Accurate Quantized Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_AQD_Towards_Accurate_Quantized_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
LOHO: Latent Optimization of Hairstyles via Orthogonalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Saha_LOHO_Latent_Optimization_of_Hairstyles_via_Orthogonalization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Single-Shot Freestyle Dance Reenactment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gafni_Single-Shot_Freestyle_Dance_Reenactment_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Cross-Domain Adaptive Clustering for Semi-Supervised Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Cross-Domain_Adaptive_Clustering_for_Semi-Supervised_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MetricOpt: Learning To Optimize Black-Box Evaluation Metrics
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huang_MetricOpt_Learning_To_Optimize_Black-Box_Evaluation_Metrics_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Multispectral Photometric Stereo for Spatially-Varying Spectral Reflectances: A Well Posed Problem?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Guo_Multispectral_Photometric_Stereo_for_Spatially-Varying_Spectral_Reflectances_A_Well_Posed_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Human Motion Transfer by Personalized Geometry and Texture Modeling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huang_Few-Shot_Human_Motion_Transfer_by_Personalized_Geometry_and_Texture_Modeling_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Differentiable SLAM-Net: Learning Particle SLAM for Visual Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Karkus_Differentiable_SLAM-Net_Learning_Particle_SLAM_for_Visual_Navigation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Joint Generative and Contrastive Learning for Unsupervised Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Joint_Generative_and_Contrastive_Learning_for_Unsupervised_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
ATSO: Asynchronous Teacher-Student Optimization for Semi-Supervised Image Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huo_ATSO_Asynchronous_Teacher-Student_Optimization_for_Semi-Supervised_Image_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Pseudo Facial Generation With Extreme Poses for Face Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Pseudo_Facial_Generation_With_Extreme_Poses_for_Face_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Distribution Alignment: A Unified Framework for Long-Tail Visual Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Distribution_Alignment_A_Unified_Framework_for_Long-Tail_Visual_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
3D-MAN: 3D Multi-Frame Attention Network for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_3D-MAN_3D_Multi-Frame_Attention_Network_for_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Actor-Context-Actor Relation Network for Spatio-Temporal Action Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Pan_Actor-Context-Actor_Relation_Network_for_Spatio-Temporal_Action_Localization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Cross-View Cross-Scene Multi-View Crowd Counting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Cross-View_Cross-Scene_Multi-View_Crowd_Counting_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Keypoint-Graph-Driven Learning Framework for Object Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Keypoint-Graph-Driven_Learning_Framework_for_Object_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
WOAD: Weakly Supervised Online Action Detection in Untrimmed Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gao_WOAD_Weakly_Supervised_Online_Action_Detection_in_Untrimmed_Videos_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Dual Consecutive Network for Human Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Deep_Dual_Consecutive_Network_for_Human_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
GAN Prior Embedded Network for Blind Face Restoration in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_GAN_Prior_Embedded_Network_for_Blind_Face_Restoration_in_the_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
The Lottery Ticket Hypothesis for Object Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Girish_The_Lottery_Ticket_Hypothesis_for_Object_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Transformer Meets Tracker: Exploiting Temporal Context for Robust Visual Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Transformer_Meets_Tracker_Exploiting_Temporal_Context_for_Robust_Visual_Tracking_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
High-Fidelity Neural Human Motion Transfer From Monocular Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kappel_High-Fidelity_Neural_Human_Motion_Transfer_From_Monocular_Video_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Depth Completion With Twin Surface Extrapolation at Occlusion Boundaries
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Imran_Depth_Completion_With_Twin_Surface_Extrapolation_at_Occlusion_Boundaries_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning the Superpixel in a Non-Iterative and Lifelong Manner
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhu_Learning_the_Superpixel_in_a_Non-Iterative_and_Lifelong_Manner_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Differentiable Patch Selection for Image Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cordonnier_Differentiable_Patch_Selection_for_Image_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Distractor-Aware Fast Tracking via Dynamic Convolutions and MOT Philosophy
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Distractor-Aware_Fast_Tracking_via_Dynamic_Convolutions_and_MOT_Philosophy_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Differentiable Multi-Granularity Human Representation Learning for Instance-Aware Human Semantic Parsing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhou_Differentiable_Multi-Granularity_Human_Representation_Learning_for_Instance-Aware_Human_Semantic_Parsing_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Using Shape To Categorize: Low-Shot Learning With an Explicit Shape Bias
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Stojanov_Using_Shape_To_Categorize_Low-Shot_Learning_With_an_Explicit_Shape_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Spatial-Phase Shallow Learning: Rethinking Face Forgery Detection in Frequency Domain
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Spatial-Phase_Shallow_Learning_Rethinking_Face_Forgery_Detection_in_Frequency_Domain_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Delaunay Surface Elements for Mesh Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Rakotosaona_Learning_Delaunay_Surface_Elements_for_Mesh_Reconstruction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Holistic 3D Human and Scene Mesh Estimation From Single View Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Weng_Holistic_3D_Human_and_Scene_Mesh_Estimation_From_Single_View_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MIST: Multiple Instance Spatial Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Angles_MIST_Multiple_Instance_Spatial_Transformer_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Rethinking Channel Dimensions for Efficient Model Design
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Han_Rethinking_Channel_Dimensions_for_Efficient_Model_Design_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
A Self-Boosting Framework for Automated Radiographic Report Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_A_Self-Boosting_Framework_for_Automated_Radiographic_Report_Generation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Closing the Loop: Joint Rain Generation and Removal via Disentangled Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ye_Closing_the_Loop_Joint_Rain_Generation_and_Removal_via_Disentangled_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Re-Labeling ImageNet: From Single to Multi-Labels, From Global to Localized Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yun_Re-Labeling_ImageNet_From_Single_to_Multi-Labels_From_Global_to_Localized_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Interventional Video Grounding With Dual Contrastive Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Nan_Interventional_Video_Grounding_With_Dual_Contrastive_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
IQDet: Instance-Wise Quality Distribution Sampling for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ma_IQDet_Instance-Wise_Quality_Distribution_Sampling_for_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Cross-Modal Contrastive Learning for Text-to-Image Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Cross-Modal_Contrastive_Learning_for_Text-to-Image_Generation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Discovery of the Long-Tail in Instance Segmentation Using Hierarchical Self-Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Weng_Unsupervised_Discovery_of_the_Long-Tail_in_Instance_Segmentation_Using_Hierarchical_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Fully Convolutional Networks for Panoptic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Fully_Convolutional_Networks_for_Panoptic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
HumanGPS: Geodesic PreServing Feature for Dense Human Correspondences
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tan_HumanGPS_Geodesic_PreServing_Feature_for_Dense_Human_Correspondences_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Long-Form Video Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wu_Towards_Long-Form_Video_Understanding_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Generalized Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Mitsuzumi_Generalized_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Iso-Points: Optimizing Neural Implicit Surfaces With Hybrid Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yifan_Iso-Points_Optimizing_Neural_Implicit_Surfaces_With_Hybrid_Representations_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
End-to-End Human Pose and Mesh Reconstruction with Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lin_End-to-End_Human_Pose_and_Mesh_Reconstruction_with_Transformers_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Space-Time Distillation for Video Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xiao_Space-Time_Distillation_for_Video_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Explicit Knowledge Incorporation for Visual Reasoning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Explicit_Knowledge_Incorporation_for_Visual_Reasoning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
VLN BERT: A Recurrent Vision-and-Language BERT for Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hong_VLN_BERT_A_Recurrent_Vision-and-Language_BERT_for_Navigation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
On Learning the Geodesic Path for Incremental Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Simon_On_Learning_the_Geodesic_Path_for_Incremental_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
BABEL: Bodies, Action and Behavior With English Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Punnakkal_BABEL_Bodies_Action_and_Behavior_With_English_Labels_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Robust Multimodal Vehicle Detection in Foggy Weather Using Complementary Lidar and Radar Signals
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Qian_Robust_Multimodal_Vehicle_Detection_in_Foggy_Weather_Using_Complementary_Lidar_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
A Hyperbolic-to-Hyperbolic Graph Convolutional Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Dai_A_Hyperbolic-to-Hyperbolic_Graph_Convolutional_Network_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Homography for Efficient Stereo Image Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Deng_Deep_Homography_for_Efficient_Stereo_Image_Compression_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Training Networks in Null Space of Feature Covariance for Continual Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Training_Networks_in_Null_Space_of_Feature_Covariance_for_Continual_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DyCo3D: Robust Instance Segmentation of 3D Point Clouds Through Dynamic Convolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/He_DyCo3D_Robust_Instance_Segmentation_of_3D_Point_Clouds_Through_Dynamic_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
OCONet: Image Extrapolation by Object Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bowen_OCONet_Image_Extrapolation_by_Object_Completion_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Correlated Input-Dependent Label Noise in Large-Scale Image Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Collier_Correlated_Input-Dependent_Label_Noise_in_Large-Scale_Image_Classification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Equalization Loss v2: A New Gradient Balance Approach for Long-Tailed Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tan_Equalization_Loss_v2_A_New_Gradient_Balance_Approach_for_Long-Tailed_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Primitive Representation Learning for Scene Text Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yan_Primitive_Representation_Learning_for_Scene_Text_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Pareidolia Face Reenactment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Song_Pareidolia_Face_Reenactment_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
ProSelfLC: Progressive Self Label Correction for Training Robust Deep Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_ProSelfLC_Progressive_Self_Label_Correction_for_Training_Robust_Deep_Neural_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Segment Rigid Motions From Two Frames
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_Learning_To_Segment_Rigid_Motions_From_Two_Frames_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Label Learning From Single Positive Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cole_Multi-Label_Learning_From_Single_Positive_Labels_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Semantic-Aware Dynamics for Video Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bei_Learning_Semantic-Aware_Dynamics_for_Video_Prediction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Bayesian Nested Neural Networks for Uncertainty Calibration and Adaptive Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cui_Bayesian_Nested_Neural_Networks_for_Uncertainty_Calibration_and_Adaptive_Compression_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Institutional Collaborations for Improving Deep Learning-Based Magnetic Resonance Image Reconstruction Using Federated Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Guo_Multi-Institutional_Collaborations_for_Improving_Deep_Learning-Based_Magnetic_Resonance_Image_Reconstruction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Discrimination-Aware Mechanism for Fine-Grained Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xu_Discrimination-Aware_Mechanism_for_Fine-Grained_Representation_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Implicit Moving Least-Squares Functions for 3D Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Deep_Implicit_Moving_Least-Squares_Functions_for_3D_Reconstruction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SwiftNet: Real-Time Video Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_SwiftNet_Real-Time_Video_Object_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Contrastive Embedding for Generalized Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Han_Contrastive_Embedding_for_Generalized_Zero-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Closed-Form Factorization of Latent Semantics in GANs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Shen_Closed-Form_Factorization_of_Latent_Semantics_in_GANs_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Glancing at the Patch: Anomaly Localization With Global and Local Feature Comparison
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Glancing_at_the_Patch_Anomaly_Localization_With_Global_and_Local_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Partially View-Aligned Representation Learning With Noise-Robust Contrastive Loss
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_Partially_View-Aligned_Representation_Learning_With_Noise-Robust_Contrastive_Loss_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Searching by Generating: Flexible and Efficient One-Shot NAS With Architecture Generator
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huang_Searching_by_Generating_Flexible_and_Efficient_One-Shot_NAS_With_Architecture_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Affordance Transfer Learning for Human-Object Interaction Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hou_Affordance_Transfer_Learning_for_Human-Object_Interaction_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Encoding in Style: A StyleGAN Encoder for Image-to-Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Richardson_Encoding_in_Style_A_StyleGAN_Encoder_for_Image-to-Image_Translation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Polarimetric Normal Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Fukao_Polarimetric_Normal_Stereo_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Learning for Semi-Supervised Temporal Action Proposal
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Self-Supervised_Learning_for_Semi-Supervised_Temporal_Action_Proposal_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Exploiting Spatial Dimensions of Latent in GAN for Real-Time Image Editing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kim_Exploiting_Spatial_Dimensions_of_Latent_in_GAN_for_Real-Time_Image_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Neural Feature Search for RGB-Infrared Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Neural_Feature_Search_for_RGB-Infrared_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Fast Sinkhorn Filters: Using Matrix Scaling for Non-Rigid Shape Correspondence With Functional Maps
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Pai_Fast_Sinkhorn_Filters_Using_Matrix_Scaling_for_Non-Rigid_Shape_Correspondence_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
The Temporal Opportunist: Self-Supervised Multi-Frame Monocular Depth
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Watson_The_Temporal_Opportunist_Self-Supervised_Multi-Frame_Monocular_Depth_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised Video Deraining With Dynamical Rain Generator
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yue_Semi-Supervised_Video_Deraining_With_Dynamical_Rain_Generator_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
You See What I Want You To See: Exploring Targeted Black-Box Transferability Attack for Hash-Based Image Retrieval Systems
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xiao_You_See_What_I_Want_You_To_See_Exploring_Targeted_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Improving Multiple Object Tracking With Single Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zheng_Improving_Multiple_Object_Tracking_With_Single_Object_Tracking_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Spatially Consistent Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Roh_Spatially_Consistent_Representation_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Semantic Scene Completion via Integrating Instances and Scene In-the-Loop
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cai_Semantic_Scene_Completion_via_Integrating_Instances_and_Scene_In-the-Loop_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Visual Representation Learning by Tracking Patches in Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Unsupervised_Visual_Representation_Learning_by_Tracking_Patches_in_Video_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Learning in Latent Space for Video Prediction and Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Deep_Learning_in_Latent_Space_for_Video_Prediction_and_Compression_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
BCNet: Searching for Network Width With Bilaterally Coupled Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Su_BCNet_Searching_for_Network_Width_With_Bilaterally_Coupled_Network_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Adaptive Aggregation Networks for Class-Incremental Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Adaptive_Aggregation_Networks_for_Class-Incremental_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Incremental Learning via Rate Reduction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wu_Incremental_Learning_via_Rate_Reduction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Convolutional Dictionary Learning for Image Denoising
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zheng_Deep_Convolutional_Dictionary_Learning_for_Image_Denoising_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
One Thing One Click: A Self-Training Approach for Weakly Supervised 3D Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_One_Thing_One_Click_A_Self-Training_Approach_for_Weakly_Supervised_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
AdCo: Adversarial Contrast for Efficient Learning of Unsupervised Representations From Self-Trained Negative Adversaries
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hu_AdCo_Adversarial_Contrast_for_Efficient_Learning_of_Unsupervised_Representations_From_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Improved Handling of Motion Blur in Online Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sayed_Improved_Handling_of_Motion_Blur_in_Online_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
EvDistill: Asynchronous Events To End-Task Learning via Bidirectional Reconstruction-Guided Cross-Modal Knowledge Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_EvDistill_Asynchronous_Events_To_End-Task_Learning_via_Bidirectional_Reconstruction-Guided_Cross-Modal_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Reconstruct High Speed and High Dynamic Range Videos From Events
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zou_Learning_To_Reconstruct_High_Speed_and_High_Dynamic_Range_Videos_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
ABMDRNet: Adaptive-Weighted Bi-Directional Modality Difference Reduction Network for RGB-T Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_ABMDRNet_Adaptive-Weighted_Bi-Directional_Modality_Difference_Reduction_Network_for_RGB-T_Semantic_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Co-Grounding Networks With Semantic Attention for Referring Expression Comprehension in Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Song_Co-Grounding_Networks_With_Semantic_Attention_for_Referring_Expression_Comprehension_in_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Invariant Representations and Risks for Semi-Supervised Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Learning_Invariant_Representations_and_Risks_for_Semi-Supervised_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MultiLink: Multi-Class Structure Recovery via Agglomerative Clustering and Model Selection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Magri_MultiLink_Multi-Class_Structure_Recovery_via_Agglomerative_Clustering_and_Model_Selection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Robust Consistent Video Depth Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kopf_Robust_Consistent_Video_Depth_Estimation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
How2Sign: A Large-Scale Multimodal Dataset for Continuous American Sign Language
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Duarte_How2Sign_A_Large-Scale_Multimodal_Dataset_for_Continuous_American_Sign_Language_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DualAST: Dual Style-Learning Networks for Artistic Style Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_DualAST_Dual_Style-Learning_Networks_for_Artistic_Style_Transfer_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning a Proposal Classifier for Multiple Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Dai_Learning_a_Proposal_Classifier_for_Multiple_Object_Tracking_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Attentional Deepfake Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhao_Multi-Attentional_Deepfake_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Shared Cross-Modal Trajectory Prediction for Autonomous Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Choi_Shared_Cross-Modal_Trajectory_Prediction_for_Autonomous_Driving_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Consistent Instance False Positive Improves Fairness in Face Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xu_Consistent_Instance_False_Positive_Improves_Fairness_in_Face_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Exploring intermediate representation for monocular vehicle pose estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Exploring_intermediate_representation_for_monocular_vehicle_pose_estimation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Capturing Omni-Range Context for Omnidirectional Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_Capturing_Omni-Range_Context_for_Omnidirectional_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Practical Single-Image Super-Resolution Using Look-Up Table
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jo_Practical_Single-Image_Super-Resolution_Using_Look-Up_Table_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Point Cloud Upsampling via Disentangled Refinement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Point_Cloud_Upsampling_via_Disentangled_Refinement_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Feature-Level Collaboration: Joint Unsupervised Learning of Optical Flow, Stereo Depth and Camera Motion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chi_Feature-Level_Collaboration_Joint_Unsupervised_Learning_of_Optical_Flow_Stereo_Depth_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
A Generalized Loss Function for Crowd Counting and Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wan_A_Generalized_Loss_Function_for_Crowd_Counting_and_Localization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
The Heterogeneity Hypothesis: Finding Layer-Wise Differentiated Network Architectures
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_The_Heterogeneity_Hypothesis_Finding_Layer-Wise_Differentiated_Network_Architectures_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Tuning IR-Cut Filter for Illumination-Aware Spectral Reconstruction From RGB
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sun_Tuning_IR-Cut_Filter_for_Illumination-Aware_Spectral_Reconstruction_From_RGB_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Motion Learning From Static Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huang_Self-Supervised_Motion_Learning_From_Static_Images_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Robust Reference-Based Super-Resolution via C2-Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jiang_Robust_Reference-Based_Super-Resolution_via_C2-Matching_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Temporal-Relational CrossTransformers for Few-Shot Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Perrett_Temporal-Relational_CrossTransformers_for_Few-Shot_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Gradient-Based Algorithms for Machine Teaching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Gradient-Based_Algorithms_for_Machine_Teaching_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MetaSCI: Scalable and Adaptive Reconstruction for Video Compressive Sensing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_MetaSCI_Scalable_and_Adaptive_Reconstruction_for_Video_Compressive_Sensing_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
FedDG: Federated Domain Generalization on Medical Image Segmentation via Episodic Learning in Continuous Frequency Space
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_FedDG_Federated_Domain_Generalization_on_Medical_Image_Segmentation_via_Episodic_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Modeling Multi-Label Action Dependencies for Temporal Action Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tirupattur_Modeling_Multi-Label_Action_Dependencies_for_Temporal_Action_Localization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
HCRF-Flow: Scene Flow From Point Clouds With Continuous High-Order CRFs and Position-Aware Flow Embedding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_HCRF-Flow_Scene_Flow_From_Point_Clouds_With_Continuous_High-Order_CRFs_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Uncertainty Guided Collaborative Training for Weakly Supervised Temporal Action Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_Uncertainty_Guided_Collaborative_Training_for_Weakly_Supervised_Temporal_Action_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SPSG: Self-Supervised Photometric Scene Generation From RGB-D Scans
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Dai_SPSG_Self-Supervised_Photometric_Scene_Generation_From_RGB-D_Scans_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Fast and Accurate Model Scaling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Dollar_Fast_and_Accurate_Model_Scaling_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Progressive Domain Expansion Network for Single Domain Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Progressive_Domain_Expansion_Network_for_Single_Domain_Generalization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Skip-Convolutions for Efficient Video Processing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Habibian_Skip-Convolutions_for_Efficient_Video_Processing_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Looking Into Your Speech: Learning Cross-Modal Affinity for Audio-Visual Speech Separation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lee_Looking_Into_Your_Speech_Learning_Cross-Modal_Affinity_for_Audio-Visual_Speech_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DeFlow: Learning Complex Image Degradations From Unpaired Data With Conditional Flows
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wolf_DeFlow_Learning_Complex_Image_Degradations_From_Unpaired_Data_With_Conditional_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SelfAugment: Automatic Augmentation Policies for Self-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Reed_SelfAugment_Automatic_Augmentation_Policies_for_Self-Supervised_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Densely Connected Multi-Dilated Convolutional Networks for Dense Prediction Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Takahashi_Densely_Connected_Multi-Dilated_Convolutional_Networks_for_Dense_Prediction_Tasks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Depth-Conditioned Dynamic Message Propagation for Monocular 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Depth-Conditioned_Dynamic_Message_Propagation_for_Monocular_3D_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
S2-BNN: Bridging the Gap Between Self-Supervised Real and 1-Bit Neural Networks via Guided Distribution Calibration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Shen_S2-BNN_Bridging_the_Gap_Between_Self-Supervised_Real_and_1-Bit_Neural_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised 3D Shape Completion Through GAN Inversion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Unsupervised_3D_Shape_Completion_Through_GAN_Inversion_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MaxUp: Lightweight Adversarial Training With Data Augmentation Improves Neural Network Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gong_MaxUp_Lightweight_Adversarial_Training_With_Data_Augmentation_Improves_Neural_Network_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PluckerNet: Learn To Register 3D Line Reconstructions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_PluckerNet_Learn_To_Register_3D_Line_Reconstructions_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DARCNN: Domain Adaptive Region-Based Convolutional Neural Network for Unsupervised Instance Segmentation in Biomedical Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hsu_DARCNN_Domain_Adaptive_Region-Based_Convolutional_Neural_Network_for_Unsupervised_Instance_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Polka Lines: Learning Structured Illumination and Reconstruction for Active Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Baek_Polka_Lines_Learning_Structured_Illumination_and_Reconstruction_for_Active_Stereo_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Image Inpainting With External-Internal Learning and Monochromic Bottleneck
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Image_Inpainting_With_External-Internal_Learning_and_Monochromic_Bottleneck_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Patch2Pix: Epipolar-Guided Pixel-Level Correspondences
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhou_Patch2Pix_Epipolar-Guided_Pixel-Level_Correspondences_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Diverse Part Discovery: Occluded Person Re-Identification With Part-Aware Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Diverse_Part_Discovery_Occluded_Person_Re-Identification_With_Part-Aware_Transformer_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Data-Uncertainty Guided Multi-Phase Learning for Semi-Supervised Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Data-Uncertainty_Guided_Multi-Phase_Learning_for_Semi-Supervised_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Prototype-Guided Saliency Feature Learning for Person Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kim_Prototype-Guided_Saliency_Feature_Learning_for_Person_Search_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
UC2: Universal Cross-Lingual Cross-Modal Vision-and-Language Pre-Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhou_UC2_Universal_Cross-Lingual_Cross-Modal_Vision-and-Language_Pre-Training_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
RfD-Net: Point Scene Understanding by Semantic Instance Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Nie_RfD-Net_Point_Scene_Understanding_by_Semantic_Instance_Reconstruction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DriveGAN: Towards a Controllable High-Quality Neural Simulation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kim_DriveGAN_Towards_a_Controllable_High-Quality_Neural_Simulation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Salient Boundary Feature for Anchor-free Temporal Action Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lin_Learning_Salient_Boundary_Feature_for_Anchor-free_Temporal_Action_Localization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learnable Motion Coherence for Correspondence Pruning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Learnable_Motion_Coherence_for_Correspondence_Pruning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
ManipulaTHOR: A Framework for Visual Object Manipulation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ehsani_ManipulaTHOR_A_Framework_for_Visual_Object_Manipulation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Scene-Intuitive Agent for Remote Embodied Visual Grounding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lin_Scene-Intuitive_Agent_for_Remote_Embodied_Visual_Grounding_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
4D Panoptic LiDAR Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Aygun_4D_Panoptic_LiDAR_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Offboard 3D Object Detection From Point Cloud Sequences
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Qi_Offboard_3D_Object_Detection_From_Point_Cloud_Sequences_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
AdaBins: Depth Estimation Using Adaptive Bins
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bhat_AdaBins_Depth_Estimation_Using_Adaptive_Bins_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Delving into Data: Effectively Substitute Training for Black-box Attack
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Delving_into_Data_Effectively_Substitute_Training_for_Black-box_Attack_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
CorrNet3D: Unsupervised End-to-End Learning of Dense Correspondence for 3D Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zeng_CorrNet3D_Unsupervised_End-to-End_Learning_of_Dense_Correspondence_for_3D_Point_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Count Everything
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ranjan_Learning_To_Count_Everything_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SSN: Soft Shadow Network for Image Compositing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sheng_SSN_Soft_Shadow_Network_for_Image_Compositing_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
VinVL: Revisiting Visual Representations in Vision-Language Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_VinVL_Revisiting_Visual_Representations_in_Vision-Language_Models_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
CondenseNet V2: Sparse Feature Reactivation for Deep Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_CondenseNet_V2_Sparse_Feature_Reactivation_for_Deep_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Information Bottleneck Disentanglement for Identity Swapping
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gao_Information_Bottleneck_Disentanglement_for_Identity_Swapping_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Generating Manga From Illustrations via Mimicking Manga Creation Workflow
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Generating_Manga_From_Illustrations_via_Mimicking_Manga_Creation_Workflow_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
From Points to Multi-Object 3D Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Engelmann_From_Points_to_Multi-Object_3D_Reconstruction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Regressive Domain Adaptation for Unsupervised Keypoint Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jiang_Regressive_Domain_Adaptation_for_Unsupervised_Keypoint_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Monocular Reconstruction of Neural Face Reflectance Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/R_Monocular_Reconstruction_of_Neural_Face_Reflectance_Fields_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
ECKPN: Explicit Class Knowledge Propagation Network for Transductive Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_ECKPN_Explicit_Class_Knowledge_Propagation_Network_for_Transductive_Few-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Can Audio-Visual Integration Strengthen Robustness Under Multimodal Attacks?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tian_Can_Audio-Visual_Integration_Strengthen_Robustness_Under_Multimodal_Attacks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
ReNAS: Relativistic Evaluation of Neural Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xu_ReNAS_Relativistic_Evaluation_of_Neural_Architecture_Search_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Adaptive Rank Estimate in Robust Principal Component Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xu_Adaptive_Rank_Estimate_in_Robust_Principal_Component_Analysis_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Continual Adaptation of Visual Representations via Domain Randomization and Meta-Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Volpi_Continual_Adaptation_of_Visual_Representations_via_Domain_Randomization_and_Meta-Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Generative Classifiers as a Basis for Trustworthy Image Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Mackowiak_Generative_Classifiers_as_a_Basis_for_Trustworthy_Image_Classification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
EffiScene: Efficient Per-Pixel Rigidity Inference for Unsupervised Joint Learning of Optical Flow, Depth, Camera Pose and Motion Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jiao_EffiScene_Efficient_Per-Pixel_Rigidity_Inference_for_Unsupervised_Joint_Learning_of_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Synthesize-It-Classifier: Learning a Generative Classifier Through Recurrent Self-Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Pal_Synthesize-It-Classifier_Learning_a_Generative_Classifier_Through_Recurrent_Self-Analysis_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Railroad Is Not a Train: Saliency As Pseudo-Pixel Supervision for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lee_Railroad_Is_Not_a_Train_Saliency_As_Pseudo-Pixel_Supervision_for_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Task Programming: Learning Data Efficient Behavior Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sun_Task_Programming_Learning_Data_Efficient_Behavior_Representations_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Pillar Motion Learning for Autonomous Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Luo_Self-Supervised_Pillar_Motion_Learning_for_Autonomous_Driving_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
QAIR: Practical Query-Efficient Black-Box Attacks for Image Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_QAIR_Practical_Query-Efficient_Black-Box_Attacks_for_Image_Retrieval_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
TransNAS-Bench-101: Improving Transferability and Generalizability of Cross-Task Neural Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Duan_TransNAS-Bench-101_Improving_Transferability_and_Generalizability_of_Cross-Task_Neural_Architecture_Search_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
M3DSSD: Monocular 3D Single Stage Object Detector
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Luo_M3DSSD_Monocular_3D_Single_Stage_Object_Detector_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Objects Are Different: Flexible Monocular 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Objects_Are_Different_Flexible_Monocular_3D_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Mask-Embedded Discriminator With Region-Based Semantic Regularization for Semi-Supervised Class-Conditional Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Mask-Embedded_Discriminator_With_Region-Based_Semantic_Regularization_for_Semi-Supervised_Class-Conditional_Image_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
ANR: Articulated Neural Rendering for Virtual Avatars
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Raj_ANR_Articulated_Neural_Rendering_for_Virtual_Avatars_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Dive Into Ambiguity: Latent Distribution Mining and Pairwise Uncertainty Estimation for Facial Expression Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/She_Dive_Into_Ambiguity_Latent_Distribution_Mining_and_Pairwise_Uncertainty_Estimation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Complete 3D Morphable Face Models From Images and Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/R_Learning_Complete_3D_Morphable_Face_Models_From_Images_and_Videos_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SRDAN: Scale-Aware and Range-Aware Domain Adaptation Network for Cross-Dataset 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_SRDAN_Scale-Aware_and_Range-Aware_Domain_Adaptation_Network_for_Cross-Dataset_3D_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Student Networks in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Learning_Student_Networks_in_the_Wild_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Distilling Knowledge via Knowledge Review
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Distilling_Knowledge_via_Knowledge_Review_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Lips Don&#x27;t Lie: A Generalisable and Robust Approach To Face Forgery Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Haliassos_Lips_Dont_Lie_A_Generalisable_and_Robust_Approach_To_Face_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Back to Event Basics: Self-Supervised Learning of Image Reconstruction for Event Cameras via Photometric Constancy
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Paredes-Valles_Back_to_Event_Basics_Self-Supervised_Learning_of_Image_Reconstruction_for_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Filter: Siamese Relation Network for Robust Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cheng_Learning_To_Filter_Siamese_Relation_Network_for_Robust_Tracking_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Cascaded Prediction Network via Segment Tree for Temporal Video Grounding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhao_Cascaded_Prediction_Network_via_Segment_Tree_for_Temporal_Video_Grounding_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Posterior Promoted GAN With Distribution Discriminator for Unsupervised Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Posterior_Promoted_GAN_With_Distribution_Discriminator_for_Unsupervised_Image_Synthesis_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Dynamic Alignment via Meta-Filter for Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xu_Learning_Dynamic_Alignment_via_Meta-Filter_for_Few-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Learning of 3D Object Categories From Videos in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Henzler_Unsupervised_Learning_of_3D_Object_Categories_From_Videos_in_the_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Dogfight: Detecting Drones From Drones Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ashraf_Dogfight_Detecting_Drones_From_Drones_Videos_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Monocular Real-Time Full Body Capture With Inter-Part Correlations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhou_Monocular_Real-Time_Full_Body_Capture_With_Inter-Part_Correlations_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Adaptive Weighted Discriminator for Training Generative Adversarial Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zadorozhnyy_Adaptive_Weighted_Discriminator_for_Training_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Transformation Driven Visual Reasoning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hong_Transformation_Driven_Visual_Reasoning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Semantic Segmentation of Urban-Scale 3D Point Clouds: A Dataset, Benchmarks and Challenges
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hu_Towards_Semantic_Segmentation_of_Urban-Scale_3D_Point_Clouds_A_Dataset_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Open World Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Joseph_Towards_Open_World_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Repurposing GANs for One-Shot Semantic Part Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tritrong_Repurposing_GANs_for_One-Shot_Semantic_Part_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
T2VLAD: Global-Local Sequence Alignment for Text-Video Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_T2VLAD_Global-Local_Sequence_Alignment_for_Text-Video_Retrieval_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Embedding Transfer With Label Relaxation for Improved Metric Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kim_Embedding_Transfer_With_Label_Relaxation_for_Improved_Metric_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Cloud2Curve: Generation and Vectorization of Parametric Sketches
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Das_Cloud2Curve_Generation_and_Vectorization_of_Parametric_Sketches_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
On Focal Loss for Class-Posterior Probability Estimation: A Theoretical Perspective
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Charoenphakdee_On_Focal_Loss_for_Class-Posterior_Probability_Estimation_A_Theoretical_Perspective_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
VIP-DeepLab: Learning Visual Perception With Depth-Aware Video Panoptic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Qiao_VIP-DeepLab_Learning_Visual_Perception_With_Depth-Aware_Video_Panoptic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Simple Copy-Paste Is a Strong Data Augmentation Method for Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ghiasi_Simple_Copy-Paste_Is_a_Strong_Data_Augmentation_Method_for_Instance_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MobileDets: Searching for Object Detection Architectures for Mobile Accelerators
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xiong_MobileDets_Searching_for_Object_Detection_Architectures_for_Mobile_Accelerators_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Open World Compositional Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Mancini_Open_World_Compositional_Zero-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
BasicVSR: The Search for Essential Components in Video Super-Resolution and Beyond
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chan_BasicVSR_The_Search_for_Essential_Components_in_Video_Super-Resolution_and_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Efficient Multi-Stage Video Denoising With Recurrent Spatio-Temporal Fusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Maggioni_Efficient_Multi-Stage_Video_Denoising_With_Recurrent_Spatio-Temporal_Fusion_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
3D-to-2D Distillation for Indoor Scene Parsing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_3D-to-2D_Distillation_for_Indoor_Scene_Parsing_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Refining Pseudo Labels With Clustering Consensus Over Generations for Unsupervised Object Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Refining_Pseudo_Labels_With_Clustering_Consensus_Over_Generations_for_Unsupervised_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning by Aligning Videos in Time
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Haresh_Learning_by_Aligning_Videos_in_Time_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Implicit Feature Alignment: Learn To Convert Text Recognizer to Text Spotter
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Implicit_Feature_Alignment_Learn_To_Convert_Text_Recognizer_to_Text_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Large-Scale Localization Datasets in Crowded Indoor Spaces
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lee_Large-Scale_Localization_Datasets_in_Crowded_Indoor_Spaces_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Distilling Causal Effect of Data in Class-Incremental Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hu_Distilling_Causal_Effect_of_Data_in_Class-Incremental_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Backdoor Attacks Against Deep Learning Systems in the Physical World
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wenger_Backdoor_Attacks_Against_Deep_Learning_Systems_in_the_Physical_World_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
A Multiplexed Network for End-to-End, Multilingual OCR
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huang_A_Multiplexed_Network_for_End-to-End_Multilingual_OCR_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Memory-Guided Unsupervised Image-to-Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jeong_Memory-Guided_Unsupervised_Image-to-Image_Translation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PVGNet: A Bottom-Up One-Stage 3D Object Detector With Integrated Multi-Level Features
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Miao_PVGNet_A_Bottom-Up_One-Stage_3D_Object_Detector_With_Integrated_Multi-Level_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Multiple Object Tracking With Correlation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Multiple_Object_Tracking_With_Correlation_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Exploring Sparsity in Image Super-Resolution for Efficient Inference
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Exploring_Sparsity_in_Image_Super-Resolution_for_Efficient_Inference_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
StylePeople: A Generative Model of Fullbody Human Avatars
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Grigorev_StylePeople_A_Generative_Model_of_Fullbody_Human_Avatars_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Objective Interpolation Training for Robustness To Label Noise
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ortego_Multi-Objective_Interpolation_Training_for_Robustness_To_Label_Noise_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PhySG: Inverse Rendering With Spherical Gaussians for Physics-Based Material Editing and Relighting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_PhySG_Inverse_Rendering_With_Spherical_Gaussians_for_Physics-Based_Material_Editing_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Predator: Registration of 3D Point Clouds With Low Overlap
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huang_Predator_Registration_of_3D_Point_Clouds_With_Low_Overlap_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Hierarchical Motion Understanding via Motion Programs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kulal_Hierarchical_Motion_Understanding_via_Motion_Programs_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Neural Side-by-Side: Predicting Human Preferences for No-Reference Super-Resolution Evaluation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Khrulkov_Neural_Side-by-Side_Predicting_Human_Preferences_for_No-Reference_Super-Resolution_Evaluation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning to Generalize Unseen Domains via Memory-based Multi-Source Meta-Learning for Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhao_Learning_to_Generalize_Unseen_Domains_via_Memory-based_Multi-Source_Meta-Learning_for_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
NewtonianVAE: Proportional Control and Goal Identification From Pixels via Physical Latent Spaces
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jaques_NewtonianVAE_Proportional_Control_and_Goal_Identification_From_Pixels_via_Physical_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Repopulating Street Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Repopulating_Street_Scenes_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Object Detection With LIDAR Clues
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tian_Unsupervised_Object_Detection_With_LIDAR_Clues_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Controlling the Rain: From Removal to Rendering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ni_Controlling_the_Rain_From_Removal_to_Rendering_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Hybrid Message Passing With Performance-Driven Structures for Facial Action Unit Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Song_Hybrid_Message_Passing_With_Performance-Driven_Structures_for_Facial_Action_Unit_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Learning of Rigid 3D Scene Flow
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gojcic_Weakly_Supervised_Learning_of_Rigid_3D_Scene_Flow_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
InverseForm: A Loss Function for Structured Boundary-Aware Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Borse_InverseForm_A_Loss_Function_for_Structured_Boundary-Aware_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Placeholders for Open-Set Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhou_Learning_Placeholders_for_Open-Set_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
More Photos Are All You Need: Semi-Supervised Learning for Fine-Grained Sketch Based Image Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bhunia_More_Photos_Are_All_You_Need_Semi-Supervised_Learning_for_Fine-Grained_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Hyperbolic Representation Learning via Message Passing Auto-Encoders
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Park_Unsupervised_Hyperbolic_Representation_Learning_via_Message_Passing_Auto-Encoders_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Exploring Adversarial Fake Images on Face Manifold
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Exploring_Adversarial_Fake_Images_on_Face_Manifold_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Video Matting via Spatio-Temporal Alignment and Aggregation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sun_Deep_Video_Matting_via_Spatio-Temporal_Alignment_and_Aggregation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Scale-Aware Graph Neural Network for Few-Shot Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xie_Scale-Aware_Graph_Neural_Network_for_Few-Shot_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Adaptive Class Suppression Loss for Long-Tail Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Adaptive_Class_Suppression_Loss_for_Long-Tail_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Crossing Cuts Polygonal Puzzles: Models and Solvers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Harel_Crossing_Cuts_Polygonal_Puzzles_Models_and_Solvers_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Network Quantization With Element-Wise Gradient Scaling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lee_Network_Quantization_With_Element-Wise_Gradient_Scaling_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Soft-IntroVAE: Analyzing and Improving the Introspective Variational Autoencoder
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Daniel_Soft-IntroVAE_Analyzing_and_Improving_the_Introspective_Variational_Autoencoder_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Universal Spectral Adversarial Attacks for Deformable Shapes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Rampini_Universal_Spectral_Adversarial_Attacks_for_Deformable_Shapes_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
HybrIK: A Hybrid Analytical-Neural Inverse Kinematics Solution for 3D Human Pose and Shape Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_HybrIK_A_Hybrid_Analytical-Neural_Inverse_Kinematics_Solution_for_3D_Human_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Human De-Occlusion: Invisible Perception and Recovery for Humans
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhou_Human_De-Occlusion_Invisible_Perception_and_Recovery_for_Humans_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Stochastic Image-to-Video Synthesis Using cINNs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Dorkenwald_Stochastic_Image-to-Video_Synthesis_Using_cINNs_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Ego-Exo: Transferring Visual Representations From Third-Person to First-Person Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Ego-Exo_Transferring_Visual_Representations_From_Third-Person_to_First-Person_Videos_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Jo-SRC: A Contrastive Approach for Combating Noisy Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yao_Jo-SRC_A_Contrastive_Approach_for_Combating_Noisy_Labels_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
RGB-D Local Implicit Function for Depth Completion of Transparent Objects
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhu_RGB-D_Local_Implicit_Function_for_Depth_Completion_of_Transparent_Objects_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Fingerspelling Detection in American Sign Language
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Shi_Fingerspelling_Detection_in_American_Sign_Language_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Temporal Modulation Network for Controllable Space-Time Video Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xu_Temporal_Modulation_Network_for_Controllable_Space-Time_Video_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Uncertainty-Aware Camera Pose Estimation From Points and Lines
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Vakhitov_Uncertainty-Aware_Camera_Pose_Estimation_From_Points_and_Lines_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Information-Theoretic Segmentation by Inpainting Error Maximization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Savarese_Information-Theoretic_Segmentation_by_Inpainting_Error_Maximization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
RefineMask: Towards High-Quality Instance Segmentation With Fine-Grained Features
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_RefineMask_Towards_High-Quality_Instance_Segmentation_With_Fine-Grained_Features_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DiNTS: Differentiable Neural Network Topology Search for 3D Medical Image Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/He_DiNTS_Differentiable_Neural_Network_Topology_Search_for_3D_Medical_Image_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Adaptive Consistency Regularization for Semi-Supervised Transfer Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Abuduweili_Adaptive_Consistency_Regularization_for_Semi-Supervised_Transfer_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Double Low-Rank Representation With Projection Distance Penalty for Clustering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Fu_Double_Low-Rank_Representation_With_Projection_Distance_Penalty_for_Clustering_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
FlowStep3D: Model Unrolling for Self-Supervised Scene Flow Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kittenplon_FlowStep3D_Model_Unrolling_for_Self-Supervised_Scene_Flow_Estimation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Invertible Image Signal Processing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xing_Invertible_Image_Signal_Processing_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Building Reliable Explanations of Unreliable Neural Networks: Locally Smoothing Perspective of Model Interpretation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lim_Building_Reliable_Explanations_of_Unreliable_Neural_Networks_Locally_Smoothing_Perspective_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DAT: Training Deep Networks Robust To Label-Noise by Matching the Feature Distributions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Qu_DAT_Training_Deep_Networks_Robust_To_Label-Noise_by_Matching_the_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PointGuard: Provably Robust 3D Point Cloud Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_PointGuard_Provably_Robust_3D_Point_Cloud_Classification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Protecting Intellectual Property of Generative Adversarial Networks From Ambiguity Attacks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ong_Protecting_Intellectual_Property_of_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_From_Ambiguity_Attacks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
End-to-End High Dynamic Range Camera Pipeline Optimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Robidoux_End-to-End_High_Dynamic_Range_Camera_Pipeline_Optimization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
High-Speed Image Reconstruction Through Short-Term Plasticity for Spiking Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zheng_High-Speed_Image_Reconstruction_Through_Short-Term_Plasticity_for_Spiking_Cameras_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised 3D Mesh Reconstruction From Single Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hu_Self-Supervised_3D_Mesh_Reconstruction_From_Single_Images_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Combined Depth Space Based Architecture Search for Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Combined_Depth_Space_Based_Architecture_Search_for_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Restore From Restored: Video Restoration With Pseudo Clean Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lee_Restore_From_Restored_Video_Restoration_With_Pseudo_Clean_Video_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Interactive Self-Training With Mean Teachers for Semi-Supervised Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_Interactive_Self-Training_With_Mean_Teachers_for_Semi-Supervised_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Vx2Text: End-to-End Learning of Video-Based Text Generation From Multimodal Inputs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lin_Vx2Text_End-to-End_Learning_of_Video-Based_Text_Generation_From_Multimodal_Inputs_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Coming Down to Earth: Satellite-to-Street View Synthesis for Geo-Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Toker_Coming_Down_to_Earth_Satellite-to-Street_View_Synthesis_for_Geo-Localization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Room-and-Object Aware Knowledge Reasoning for Remote Embodied Referring Expression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gao_Room-and-Object_Aware_Knowledge_Reasoning_for_Remote_Embodied_Referring_Expression_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
HyperSeg: Patch-Wise Hypernetwork for Real-Time Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Nirkin_HyperSeg_Patch-Wise_Hypernetwork_for_Real-Time_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Partition-Guided GANs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Armandpour_Partition-Guided_GANs_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
GATSBI: Generative Agent-Centric Spatio-Temporal Object Interaction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Min_GATSBI_Generative_Agent-Centric_Spatio-Temporal_Object_Interaction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
pixelNeRF: Neural Radiance Fields From One or Few Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yu_pixelNeRF_Neural_Radiance_Fields_From_One_or_Few_Images_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Navigating the GAN Parameter Space for Semantic Image Editing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cherepkov_Navigating_the_GAN_Parameter_Space_for_Semantic_Image_Editing_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MetaSAug: Meta Semantic Augmentation for Long-Tailed Visual Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_MetaSAug_Meta_Semantic_Augmentation_for_Long-Tailed_Visual_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Disentangling Label Distribution for Long-Tailed Visual Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hong_Disentangling_Label_Distribution_for_Long-Tailed_Visual_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Representing Videos As Discriminative Sub-Graphs for Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Representing_Videos_As_Discriminative_Sub-Graphs_for_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
How Well Do Self-Supervised Models Transfer?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ericsson_How_Well_Do_Self-Supervised_Models_Transfer_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Understanding Object Dynamics for Interactive Image-to-Video Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Blattmann_Understanding_Object_Dynamics_for_Interactive_Image-to-Video_Synthesis_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Pi-GAN: Periodic Implicit Generative Adversarial Networks for 3D-Aware Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chan_Pi-GAN_Periodic_Implicit_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_for_3D-Aware_Image_Synthesis_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Slimmable Compressive Autoencoders for Practical Neural Image Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_Slimmable_Compressive_Autoencoders_for_Practical_Neural_Image_Compression_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Function4D: Real-Time Human Volumetric Capture From Very Sparse Consumer RGBD Sensors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yu_Function4D_Real-Time_Human_Volumetric_Capture_From_Very_Sparse_Consumer_RGBD_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Attention Based Text Knowledge Mining for Text Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wan_Self-Attention_Based_Text_Knowledge_Mining_for_Text_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Image De-Raining via Continual Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhou_Image_De-Raining_via_Continual_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Layer-Wise Searching for 1-Bit Detectors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xu_Layer-Wise_Searching_for_1-Bit_Detectors_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Distilling Audio-Visual Knowledge by Compositional Contrastive Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Distilling_Audio-Visual_Knowledge_by_Compositional_Contrastive_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Visual Attention and Invariance for Reinforcement Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Unsupervised_Visual_Attention_and_Invariance_for_Reinforcement_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Humble Teachers Teach Better Students for Semi-Supervised Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tang_Humble_Teachers_Teach_Better_Students_for_Semi-Supervised_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
One Shot Face Swapping on Megapixels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhu_One_Shot_Face_Swapping_on_Megapixels_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PAConv: Position Adaptive Convolution With Dynamic Kernel Assembling on Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xu_PAConv_Position_Adaptive_Convolution_With_Dynamic_Kernel_Assembling_on_Point_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Background-Aware Pooling and Noise-Aware Loss for Weakly-Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Oh_Background-Aware_Pooling_and_Noise-Aware_Loss_for_Weakly-Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Human POSEitioning System (HPS): 3D Human Pose Estimation and Self-Localization in Large Scenes From Body-Mounted Sensors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Guzov_Human_POSEitioning_System_HPS_3D_Human_Pose_Estimation_and_Self-Localization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Compositional Radiance Fields of Dynamic Human Heads
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Learning_Compositional_Radiance_Fields_of_Dynamic_Human_Heads_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Structured Multi-Level Interaction Network for Video Moment Localization via Language Query
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Structured_Multi-Level_Interaction_Network_for_Video_Moment_Localization_via_Language_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Not Just Compete, but Collaborate: Local Image-to-Image Translation via Cooperative Mask Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kim_Not_Just_Compete_but_Collaborate_Local_Image-to-Image_Translation_via_Cooperative_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DSRNA: Differentiable Search of Robust Neural Architectures
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hosseini_DSRNA_Differentiable_Search_of_Robust_Neural_Architectures_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
GMOT-40: A Benchmark for Generic Multiple Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bai_GMOT-40_A_Benchmark_for_Generic_Multiple_Object_Tracking_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Cross-Modal Collaborative Representation Learning and a Large-Scale RGBT Benchmark for Crowd Counting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Cross-Modal_Collaborative_Representation_Learning_and_a_Large-Scale_RGBT_Benchmark_for_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Mitigating Face Recognition Bias via Group Adaptive Classifier
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gong_Mitigating_Face_Recognition_Bias_via_Group_Adaptive_Classifier_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Three Birds with One Stone: Multi-Task Temporal Action Detection via Recycling Temporal Annotations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Three_Birds_with_One_Stone_Multi-Task_Temporal_Action_Detection_via_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Image Super-Resolution With Non-Local Sparse Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Mei_Image_Super-Resolution_With_Non-Local_Sparse_Attention_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SCANimate: Weakly Supervised Learning of Skinned Clothed Avatar Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Saito_SCANimate_Weakly_Supervised_Learning_of_Skinned_Clothed_Avatar_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
On Semantic Similarity in Video Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wray_On_Semantic_Similarity_in_Video_Retrieval_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Uncertainty-Guided Model Generalization to Unseen Domains
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Qiao_Uncertainty-Guided_Model_Generalization_to_Unseen_Domains_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Noise-Resistant Deep Metric Learning With Ranking-Based Instance Selection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Noise-Resistant_Deep_Metric_Learning_With_Ranking-Based_Instance_Selection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Neural Scene Flow Fields for Space-Time View Synthesis of Dynamic Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Neural_Scene_Flow_Fields_for_Space-Time_View_Synthesis_of_Dynamic_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Multimodal Contrastive Training for Visual Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yuan_Multimodal_Contrastive_Training_for_Visual_Representation_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Object Classification From Randomized EEG Trials
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ahmed_Object_Classification_From_Randomized_EEG_Trials_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
De-Rendering the World&#x27;s Revolutionary Artefacts
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wu_De-Rendering_the_Worlds_Revolutionary_Artefacts_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Progressively Complementary Network for Fisheye Image Rectification Using Appearance Flow
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_Progressively_Complementary_Network_for_Fisheye_Image_Rectification_Using_Appearance_Flow_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Back to the Feature: Learning Robust Camera Localization From Pixels To Pose
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sarlin_Back_to_the_Feature_Learning_Robust_Camera_Localization_From_Pixels_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Parallel Dense Correspondence From Spatio-Temporal Descriptors for Efficient and Robust 4D Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tang_Learning_Parallel_Dense_Correspondence_From_Spatio-Temporal_Descriptors_for_Efficient_and_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Modal Fusion Transformer for End-to-End Autonomous Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Prakash_Multi-Modal_Fusion_Transformer_for_End-to-End_Autonomous_Driving_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Disentanglement of Linear-Encoded Facial Semantics
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zheng_Unsupervised_Disentanglement_of_Linear-Encoded_Facial_Semantics_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Position and Target Consistency for Memory-Based Video Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hu_Learning_Position_and_Target_Consistency_for_Memory-Based_Video_Object_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Visual Room Rearrangement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Weihs_Visual_Room_Rearrangement_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Right for the Right Concept: Revising Neuro-Symbolic Concepts by Interacting With Their Explanations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Stammer_Right_for_the_Right_Concept_Revising_Neuro-Symbolic_Concepts_by_Interacting_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Polygonal Point Set Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Nam_Polygonal_Point_Set_Tracking_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Tracking Pedestrian Heads in Dense Crowd
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sundararaman_Tracking_Pedestrian_Heads_in_Dense_Crowd_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Alpha-Refine: Boosting Tracking Performance by Precise Bounding Box Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yan_Alpha-Refine_Boosting_Tracking_Performance_by_Precise_Bounding_Box_Estimation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Conceptual 12M: Pushing Web-Scale Image-Text Pre-Training To Recognize Long-Tail Visual Concepts
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Changpinyo_Conceptual_12M_Pushing_Web-Scale_Image-Text_Pre-Training_To_Recognize_Long-Tail_Visual_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Generalized Few-Shot Object Detection Without Forgetting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Fan_Generalized_Few-Shot_Object_Detection_Without_Forgetting_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Truly Shift-Invariant Convolutional Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chaman_Truly_Shift-Invariant_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Leveraging the Availability of Two Cameras for Illuminant Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Abdelhamed_Leveraging_the_Availability_of_Two_Cameras_for_Illuminant_Estimation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Accurate 3D Human Motion Prediction From Incomplete Observations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cui_Towards_Accurate_3D_Human_Motion_Prediction_From_Incomplete_Observations_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Promoted Prototype Refinement for Few-Shot Class-Incremental Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhu_Self-Promoted_Prototype_Refinement_for_Few-Shot_Class-Incremental_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Compact CNNs via Collaborative Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Towards_Compact_CNNs_via_Collaborative_Compression_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Separating Skills and Concepts for Novel Visual Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Whitehead_Separating_Skills_and_Concepts_for_Novel_Visual_Question_Answering_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Scalable Differential Privacy With Sparse Network Finetuning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Luo_Scalable_Differential_Privacy_With_Sparse_Network_Finetuning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Scene Text Retrieval via Joint Text Detection and Similarity Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Scene_Text_Retrieval_via_Joint_Text_Detection_and_Similarity_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
LiDAR-Aug: A General Rendering-Based Augmentation Framework for 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Fang_LiDAR-Aug_A_General_Rendering-Based_Augmentation_Framework_for_3D_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Joint Noise-Tolerant Learning and Meta Camera Shift Adaptation for Unsupervised Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_Joint_Noise-Tolerant_Learning_and_Meta_Camera_Shift_Adaptation_for_Unsupervised_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Single Pair Cross-Modality Super Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Shacht_Single_Pair_Cross-Modality_Super_Resolution_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Target-Aware Object Discovery and Association for Unsupervised Video Multi-Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhou_Target-Aware_Object_Discovery_and_Association_for_Unsupervised_Video_Multi-Object_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
End-to-End Learning for Joint Image Demosaicing, Denoising and Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xing_End-to-End_Learning_for_Joint_Image_Demosaicing_Denoising_and_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Warp for Style Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Learning_To_Warp_for_Style_Transfer_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Enriching ImageNet With Human Similarity Judgments and Psychological Embeddings
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Roads_Enriching_ImageNet_With_Human_Similarity_Judgments_and_Psychological_Embeddings_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
What&#x27;s in the Image? Explorable Decoding of Compressed Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bahat_Whats_in_the_Image_Explorable_Decoding_of_Compressed_Images_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Context Modeling in 3D Human Pose Estimation: A Unified Perspective
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ma_Context_Modeling_in_3D_Human_Pose_Estimation_A_Unified_Perspective_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Consensus Maximisation Using Influences of Monotone Boolean Functions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tennakoon_Consensus_Maximisation_Using_Influences_of_Monotone_Boolean_Functions_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Cross-Modal Retrieval With Noisy Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hu_Learning_Cross-Modal_Retrieval_With_Noisy_Labels_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Animating Pictures With Eulerian Motion Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Holynski_Animating_Pictures_With_Eulerian_Motion_Fields_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
VaB-AL: Incorporating Class Imbalance and Difficulty With Variational Bayes for Active Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Choi_VaB-AL_Incorporating_Class_Imbalance_and_Difficulty_With_Variational_Bayes_for_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DG-Font: Deformable Generative Networks for Unsupervised Font Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xie_DG-Font_Deformable_Generative_Networks_for_Unsupervised_Font_Generation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Multi-Task Learning for Joint Localization, Perception, and Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Phillips_Deep_Multi-Task_Learning_for_Joint_Localization_Perception_and_Prediction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
HDMapGen: A Hierarchical Graph Generative Model of High Definition Maps
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Mi_HDMapGen_A_Hierarchical_Graph_Generative_Model_of_High_Definition_Maps_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Generated Defocus Blur Detection via Dual Adversarial Discriminators
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhao_Self-Generated_Defocus_Blur_Detection_via_Dual_Adversarial_Discriminators_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
View Generalization for Single Image Textured 3D Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bhattad_View_Generalization_for_Single_Image_Textured_3D_Models_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Minimally Invasive Surgery for Sparse Neural Networks in Contrastive Manner
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yu_Minimally_Invasive_Surgery_for_Sparse_Neural_Networks_in_Contrastive_Manner_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
3D Human Action Representation Learning via Cross-View Consistency Pursuit
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_3D_Human_Action_Representation_Learning_via_Cross-View_Consistency_Pursuit_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Analysis of CNN-Based Spatio-Temporal Representations for Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Deep_Analysis_of_CNN-Based_Spatio-Temporal_Representations_for_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Part-Aware Panoptic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/de_Geus_Part-Aware_Panoptic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Convolutional Hough Matching Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Min_Convolutional_Hough_Matching_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Dynamic Class Queue for Large Scale Face Recognition in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Dynamic_Class_Queue_for_Large_Scale_Face_Recognition_in_the_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Cross-Modal Center Loss for 3D Cross-Modal Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jing_Cross-Modal_Center_Loss_for_3D_Cross-Modal_Retrieval_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learned Initializations for Optimizing Coordinate-Based Neural Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tancik_Learned_Initializations_for_Optimizing_Coordinate-Based_Neural_Representations_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Depth-Aware Mirror Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Mei_Depth-Aware_Mirror_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Improving the Consistency, Efficiency, and Flexibility of Differentiable Neural Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_Towards_Improving_the_Consistency_Efficiency_and_Flexibility_of_Differentiable_Neural_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Patchwise Generative ConvNet: Training Energy-Based Models From a Single Natural Image for Internal Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zheng_Patchwise_Generative_ConvNet_Training_Energy-Based_Models_From_a_Single_Natural_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Collaborative Spatial-Temporal Modeling for Language-Queried Video Actor Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hui_Collaborative_Spatial-Temporal_Modeling_for_Language-Queried_Video_Actor_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Drafting and Revision: Laplacian Pyramid Network for Fast High-Quality Artistic Style Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lin_Drafting_and_Revision_Laplacian_Pyramid_Network_for_Fast_High-Quality_Artistic_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Refer-It-in-RGBD: A Bottom-Up Approach for 3D Visual Grounding in RGBD Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Refer-It-in-RGBD_A_Bottom-Up_Approach_for_3D_Visual_Grounding_in_RGBD_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Polygonal Building Extraction by Frame Field Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Girard_Polygonal_Building_Extraction_by_Frame_Field_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
NeuralFusion: Online Depth Fusion in Latent Space
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Weder_NeuralFusion_Online_Depth_Fusion_in_Latent_Space_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Good Practices for Efficiently Annotating Large-Scale Image Classification Datasets
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liao_Towards_Good_Practices_for_Efficiently_Annotating_Large-Scale_Image_Classification_Datasets_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MaX-DeepLab: End-to-End Panoptic Segmentation With Mask Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_MaX-DeepLab_End-to-End_Panoptic_Segmentation_With_Mask_Transformers_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Denoise and Contrast for Category Agnostic Shape Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Alliegro_Denoise_and_Contrast_for_Category_Agnostic_Shape_Completion_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Transformation Invariant Few-Shot Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Transformation_Invariant_Few-Shot_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
2D or not 2D? Adaptive 3D Convolution Selection for Efficient Video Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_2D_or_not_2D_Adaptive_3D_Convolution_Selection_for_Efficient_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Temporal Query Networks for Fine-Grained Video Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Temporal_Query_Networks_for_Fine-Grained_Video_Understanding_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
UniT: Unified Knowledge Transfer for Any-Shot Object Detection and Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Khandelwal_UniT_Unified_Knowledge_Transfer_for_Any-Shot_Object_Detection_and_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Image Inpainting Guided by Coherence Priors of Semantics and Textures
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liao_Image_Inpainting_Guided_by_Coherence_Priors_of_Semantics_and_Textures_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Face Forensics in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhou_Face_Forensics_in_the_Wild_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Riggable 3D Face Reconstruction via In-Network Optimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bai_Riggable_3D_Face_Reconstruction_via_In-Network_Optimization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
S2R-DepthNet: Learning a Generalizable Depth-Specific Structural Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_S2R-DepthNet_Learning_a_Generalizable_Depth-Specific_Structural_Representation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
FFB6D: A Full Flow Bidirectional Fusion Network for 6D Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/He_FFB6D_A_Full_Flow_Bidirectional_Fusion_Network_for_6D_Pose_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Scan2Cap: Context-Aware Dense Captioning in RGB-D Scans
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Scan2Cap_Context-Aware_Dense_Captioning_in_RGB-D_Scans_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
NeuralHumanFVV: Real-Time Neural Volumetric Human Performance Rendering Using RGB Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Suo_NeuralHumanFVV_Real-Time_Neural_Volumetric_Human_Performance_Rendering_Using_RGB_Cameras_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Composing Photos Like a Photographer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hong_Composing_Photos_Like_a_Photographer_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
NBNet: Noise Basis Learning for Image Denoising With Subspace Projection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cheng_NBNet_Noise_Basis_Learning_for_Image_Denoising_With_Subspace_Projection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
How Transferable Are Reasoning Patterns in VQA?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kervadec_How_Transferable_Are_Reasoning_Patterns_in_VQA_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DyStaB: Unsupervised Object Segmentation via Dynamic-Static Bootstrapping
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_DyStaB_Unsupervised_Object_Segmentation_via_Dynamic-Static_Bootstrapping_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Texture Recognition via Exploiting Cross-Layer Statistical Self-Similarity
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Deep_Texture_Recognition_via_Exploiting_Cross-Layer_Statistical_Self-Similarity_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Lifting 2D StyleGAN for 3D-Aware Face Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Shi_Lifting_2D_StyleGAN_for_3D-Aware_Face_Generation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MeGA-CDA: Memory Guided Attention for Category-Aware Unsupervised Domain Adaptive Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/VS_MeGA-CDA_Memory_Guided_Attention_for_Category-Aware_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptive_Object_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Extreme Low-Light Environment-Driven Image Denoising Over Permanently Shadowed Lunar Regions With a Physical Noise Model
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Moseley_Extreme_Low-Light_Environment-Driven_Image_Denoising_Over_Permanently_Shadowed_Lunar_Regions_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Generic Perceptual Loss for Modeling Structured Output Dependencies
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Generic_Perceptual_Loss_for_Modeling_Structured_Output_Dependencies_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Style-Based Point Generator With Adversarial Rendering for Point Cloud Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xie_Style-Based_Point_Generator_With_Adversarial_Rendering_for_Point_Cloud_Completion_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Shape and Material Capture at Home
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lichy_Shape_and_Material_Capture_at_Home_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
T-vMF Similarity for Regularizing Intra-Class Feature Distribution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kobayashi_T-vMF_Similarity_for_Regularizing_Intra-Class_Feature_Distribution_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Surrogate Gradient Field for Latent Space Manipulation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Surrogate_Gradient_Field_for_Latent_Space_Manipulation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
ZeroScatter: Domain Transfer for Long Distance Imaging and Vision Through Scattering Media
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Shi_ZeroScatter_Domain_Transfer_for_Long_Distance_Imaging_and_Vision_Through_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Defending Multimodal Fusion Models Against Single-Source Adversaries
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_Defending_Multimodal_Fusion_Models_Against_Single-Source_Adversaries_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Rotation Coordinate Descent for Fast Globally Optimal Rotation Averaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Parra_Rotation_Coordinate_Descent_for_Fast_Globally_Optimal_Rotation_Averaging_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
We Are More Than Our Joints: Predicting How 3D Bodies Move
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_We_Are_More_Than_Our_Joints_Predicting_How_3D_Bodies_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PointFlow: Flowing Semantics Through Points for Aerial Image Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_PointFlow_Flowing_Semantics_Through_Points_for_Aerial_Image_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Stable Learning for Out-of-Distribution Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Deep_Stable_Learning_for_Out-of-Distribution_Generalization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Vectorization and Rasterization: Self-Supervised Learning for Sketch and Handwriting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bhunia_Vectorization_and_Rasterization_Self-Supervised_Learning_for_Sketch_and_Handwriting_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Progressive Unsupervised Learning for Visual Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wu_Progressive_Unsupervised_Learning_for_Visual_Object_Tracking_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
IoU Attack: Towards Temporally Coherent Black-Box Adversarial Attack for Visual Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jia_IoU_Attack_Towards_Temporally_Coherent_Black-Box_Adversarial_Attack_for_Visual_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Graph Matching Under Quadratic Constraint
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gao_Deep_Graph_Matching_Under_Quadratic_Constraint_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
FBI-Denoiser: Fast Blind Image Denoiser for Poisson-Gaussian Noise
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Byun_FBI-Denoiser_Fast_Blind_Image_Denoiser_for_Poisson-Gaussian_Noise_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Line Segment Detection Using Transformers Without Edges
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xu_Line_Segment_Detection_Using_Transformers_Without_Edges_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Diffusion Probabilistic Models for 3D Point Cloud Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Luo_Diffusion_Probabilistic_Models_for_3D_Point_Cloud_Generation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Dual Pixel Exploration: Simultaneous Depth Estimation and Image Restoration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Pan_Dual_Pixel_Exploration_Simultaneous_Depth_Estimation_and_Image_Restoration_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Guided Integrated Gradients: An Adaptive Path Method for Removing Noise
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kapishnikov_Guided_Integrated_Gradients_An_Adaptive_Path_Method_for_Removing_Noise_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Spatiotemporal Registration for Event-Based Visual Odometry
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Spatiotemporal_Registration_for_Event-Based_Visual_Odometry_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Data-Free Model Extraction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Truong_Data-Free_Model_Extraction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Group-aware Label Transfer for Domain Adaptive Person Re-identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zheng_Group-aware_Label_Transfer_for_Domain_Adaptive_Person_Re-identification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Discover Cross-Modality Nuances for Visible-Infrared Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wu_Discover_Cross-Modality_Nuances_for_Visible-Infrared_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learnable Graph Matching: Incorporating Graph Partitioning With Deep Feature Learning for Multiple Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/He_Learnable_Graph_Matching_Incorporating_Graph_Partitioning_With_Deep_Feature_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
A Decomposition Model for Stereo Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yao_A_Decomposition_Model_for_Stereo_Matching_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Domain-Robust VQA With Diverse Datasets and Methods but No Target Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Domain-Robust_VQA_With_Diverse_Datasets_and_Methods_but_No_Target_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Effective Sparsification of Neural Networks With Global Sparsity Constraint
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhou_Effective_Sparsification_of_Neural_Networks_With_Global_Sparsity_Constraint_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Cross-Domain Gradient Discrepancy Minimization for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Du_Cross-Domain_Gradient_Discrepancy_Minimization_for_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Training Generative Adversarial Networks in One Stage
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Shen_Training_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_in_One_Stage_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Neural Lumigraph Rendering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kellnhofer_Neural_Lumigraph_Rendering_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
M3P: Learning Universal Representations via Multitask Multilingual Multimodal Pre-Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ni_M3P_Learning_Universal_Representations_via_Multitask_Multilingual_Multimodal_Pre-Training_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Blind Deblurring for Saturated Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Blind_Deblurring_for_Saturated_Images_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DeFMO: Deblurring and Shape Recovery of Fast Moving Objects
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Rozumnyi_DeFMO_Deblurring_and_Shape_Recovery_of_Fast_Moving_Objects_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
4D Hyperspectral Photoacoustic Data Restoration With Reliability Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liao_4D_Hyperspectral_Photoacoustic_Data_Restoration_With_Reliability_Analysis_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
OBoW: Online Bag-of-Visual-Words Generation for Self-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gidaris_OBoW_Online_Bag-of-Visual-Words_Generation_for_Self-Supervised_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Point2Skeleton: Learning Skeletal Representations from Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lin_Point2Skeleton_Learning_Skeletal_Representations_from_Point_Clouds_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Video Rescaling Networks With Joint Optimization Strategies for Downscaling and Upscaling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huang_Video_Rescaling_Networks_With_Joint_Optimization_Strategies_for_Downscaling_and_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
TSGCNet: Discriminative Geometric Feature Learning With Two-Stream Graph Convolutional Network for 3D Dental Model Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_TSGCNet_Discriminative_Geometric_Feature_Learning_With_Two-Stream_Graph_Convolutional_Network_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Meta Batch-Instance Normalization for Generalizable Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Choi_Meta_Batch-Instance_Normalization_for_Generalizable_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Wide-Baseline Relative Camera Pose Estimation With Directional Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Wide-Baseline_Relative_Camera_Pose_Estimation_With_Directional_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Neural Surface Maps
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Morreale_Neural_Surface_Maps_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Where and What? Examining Interpretable Disentangled Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhu_Where_and_What_Examining_Interpretable_Disentangled_Representations_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Bilinear Parameterization for Non-Separable Singular Value Penalties
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ornhag_Bilinear_Parameterization_for_Non-Separable_Singular_Value_Penalties_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
A Large-Scale Study on Unsupervised Spatiotemporal Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Feichtenhofer_A_Large-Scale_Study_on_Unsupervised_Spatiotemporal_Representation_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Frequency-Aware Discriminative Feature Learning Supervised by Single-Center Loss for Face Forgery Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Frequency-Aware_Discriminative_Feature_Learning_Supervised_by_Single-Center_Loss_for_Face_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Delving Into Localization Errors for Monocular 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ma_Delving_Into_Localization_Errors_for_Monocular_3D_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Dynamic Metric Learning: Towards a Scalable Metric Space To Accommodate Multiple Semantic Scales
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sun_Dynamic_Metric_Learning_Towards_a_Scalable_Metric_Space_To_Accommodate_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Joint Deep Model-Based MR Image and Coil Sensitivity Reconstruction Network (Joint-ICNet) for Fast MRI
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jun_Joint_Deep_Model-Based_MR_Image_and_Coil_Sensitivity_Reconstruction_Network_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SelfDoc: Self-Supervised Document Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_SelfDoc_Self-Supervised_Document_Representation_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
VSPW: A Large-scale Dataset for Video Scene Parsing in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Miao_VSPW_A_Large-scale_Dataset_for_Video_Scene_Parsing_in_the_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Decoupled Dynamic Filter Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhou_Decoupled_Dynamic_Filter_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Prototype Augmentation and Self-Supervision for Incremental Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhu_Prototype_Augmentation_and_Self-Supervision_for_Incremental_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
CompositeTasking: Understanding Images by Spatial Composition of Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Popovic_CompositeTasking_Understanding_Images_by_Spatial_Composition_of_Tasks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Fast Bayesian Uncertainty Estimation and Reduction of Batch Normalized Single Image Super-Resolution Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kar_Fast_Bayesian_Uncertainty_Estimation_and_Reduction_of_Batch_Normalized_Single_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Euro-PVI: Pedestrian Vehicle Interactions in Dense Urban Centers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bhattacharyya_Euro-PVI_Pedestrian_Vehicle_Interactions_in_Dense_Urban_Centers_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
An Alternative Probabilistic Interpretation of the Huber Loss
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Meyer_An_Alternative_Probabilistic_Interpretation_of_the_Huber_Loss_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Siamese Natural Language Tracker: Tracking by Natural Language Descriptions With Siamese Trackers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Feng_Siamese_Natural_Language_Tracker_Tracking_by_Natural_Language_Descriptions_With_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Video Prediction Recalling Long-Term Motion Context via Memory Alignment Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lee_Video_Prediction_Recalling_Long-Term_Motion_Context_via_Memory_Alignment_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Automatic Vertebra Localization and Identification in CT by Spine Rectification and Anatomically-Constrained Optimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Automatic_Vertebra_Localization_and_Identification_in_CT_by_Spine_Rectification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Visual Semantic Role Labeling for Video Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sadhu_Visual_Semantic_Role_Labeling_for_Video_Understanding_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SSTVOS: Sparse Spatiotemporal Transformers for Video Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Duke_SSTVOS_Sparse_Spatiotemporal_Transformers_for_Video_Object_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Inferring CAD Modeling Sequences Using Zone Graphs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xu_Inferring_CAD_Modeling_Sequences_Using_Zone_Graphs_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
A Circular-Structured Representation for Visual Emotion Distribution Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_A_Circular-Structured_Representation_for_Visual_Emotion_Distribution_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MASA-SR: Matching Acceleration and Spatial Adaptation for Reference-Based Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lu_MASA-SR_Matching_Acceleration_and_Spatial_Adaptation_for_Reference-Based_Image_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Spatiotemporal Contrastive Video Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Qian_Spatiotemporal_Contrastive_Video_Representation_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Revisiting Knowledge Distillation: An Inheritance and Exploration Framework
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huang_Revisiting_Knowledge_Distillation_An_Inheritance_and_Exploration_Framework_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SMURF: Self-Teaching Multi-Frame Unsupervised RAFT With Full-Image Warping
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Stone_SMURF_Self-Teaching_Multi-Frame_Unsupervised_RAFT_With_Full-Image_Warping_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Single-View 3D Object Reconstruction From Shape Priors in Memory
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_Single-View_3D_Object_Reconstruction_From_Shape_Priors_in_Memory_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Recognizing Actions in Videos From Unseen Viewpoints
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Piergiovanni_Recognizing_Actions_in_Videos_From_Unseen_Viewpoints_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Perceptual Indistinguishability-Net (PI-Net): Facial Image Obfuscation With Manipulable Semantics
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Perceptual_Indistinguishability-Net_PI-Net_Facial_Image_Obfuscation_With_Manipulable_Semantics_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Coarse-To-Fine Domain Adaptive Semantic Segmentation With Photometric Alignment and Category-Center Regularization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ma_Coarse-To-Fine_Domain_Adaptive_Semantic_Segmentation_With_Photometric_Alignment_and_Category-Center_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MeanShift++: Extremely Fast Mode-Seeking With Applications to Segmentation and Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jang_MeanShift_Extremely_Fast_Mode-Seeking_With_Applications_to_Segmentation_and_Object_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
ForgeryNet: A Versatile Benchmark for Comprehensive Forgery Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/He_ForgeryNet_A_Versatile_Benchmark_for_Comprehensive_Forgery_Analysis_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Omnimatte: Associating Objects and Their Effects in Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lu_Omnimatte_Associating_Objects_and_Their_Effects_in_Video_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Optimized Priors for 3D Shape Modeling and Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_Deep_Optimized_Priors_for_3D_Shape_Modeling_and_Reconstruction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DSC-PoseNet: Learning 6DoF Object Pose Estimation via Dual-Scale Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_DSC-PoseNet_Learning_6DoF_Object_Pose_Estimation_via_Dual-Scale_Consistency_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Rethinking Graph Neural Architecture Search From Message-Passing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cai_Rethinking_Graph_Neural_Architecture_Search_From_Message-Passing_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DER: Dynamically Expandable Representation for Class Incremental Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yan_DER_Dynamically_Expandable_Representation_for_Class_Incremental_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Manifold Regularized Dynamic Network Pruning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tang_Manifold_Regularized_Dynamic_Network_Pruning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Curriculum Graph Co-Teaching for Multi-Target Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Roy_Curriculum_Graph_Co-Teaching_for_Multi-Target_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Uncalibrated Neural Inverse Rendering for Photometric Stereo of General Surfaces
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kaya_Uncalibrated_Neural_Inverse_Rendering_for_Photometric_Stereo_of_General_Surfaces_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Compositional Representation for 4D Captures With Neural ODE
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jiang_Learning_Compositional_Representation_for_4D_Captures_With_Neural_ODE_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
LAFEAT: Piercing Through Adversarial Defenses With Latent Features
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yu_LAFEAT_Piercing_Through_Adversarial_Defenses_With_Latent_Features_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
RSG: A Simple but Effective Module for Learning Imbalanced Datasets
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_RSG_A_Simple_but_Effective_Module_for_Learning_Imbalanced_Datasets_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
StEP: Style-Based Encoder Pre-Training for Multi-Modal Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Meshry_StEP_Style-Based_Encoder_Pre-Training_for_Multi-Modal_Image_Synthesis_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Goal-Oriented Gaze Estimation for Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Goal-Oriented_Gaze_Estimation_for_Zero-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Seeing Behind Objects for 3D Multi-Object Tracking in RGB-D Sequences
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Muller_Seeing_Behind_Objects_for_3D_Multi-Object_Tracking_in_RGB-D_Sequences_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
The Blessings of Unlabeled Background in Untrimmed Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_The_Blessings_of_Unlabeled_Background_in_Untrimmed_Videos_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Instance Localization for Self-Supervised Detection Pretraining
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_Instance_Localization_for_Self-Supervised_Detection_Pretraining_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Animation Video Interpolation in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Siyao_Deep_Animation_Video_Interpolation_in_the_Wild_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
RSN: Range Sparse Net for Efficient, Accurate LiDAR 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sun_RSN_Range_Sparse_Net_for_Efficient_Accurate_LiDAR_3D_Object_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Labeled From Unlabeled: Exploiting Unlabeled Data for Few-Shot Deep HDR Deghosting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Prabhakar_Labeled_From_Unlabeled_Exploiting_Unlabeled_Data_for_Few-Shot_Deep_HDR_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
EDNet: Efficient Disparity Estimation With Cost Volume Combination and Attention-Based Spatial Residual
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_EDNet_Efficient_Disparity_Estimation_With_Cost_Volume_Combination_and_Attention-Based_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learnable Companding Quantization for Accurate Low-Bit Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yamamoto_Learnable_Companding_Quantization_for_Accurate_Low-Bit_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
FaceInpainter: High Fidelity Face Adaptation to Heterogeneous Domains
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_FaceInpainter_High_Fidelity_Face_Adaptation_to_Heterogeneous_Domains_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
ORDisCo: Effective and Efficient Usage of Incremental Unlabeled Data for Semi-Supervised Continual Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_ORDisCo_Effective_and_Efficient_Usage_of_Incremental_Unlabeled_Data_for_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Generative Interventions for Causal Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Mao_Generative_Interventions_for_Causal_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
VS-Net: Voting With Segmentation for Visual Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huang_VS-Net_Voting_With_Segmentation_for_Visual_Localization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
What if We Only Use Real Datasets for Scene Text Recognition? Toward Scene Text Recognition With Fewer Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Baek_What_if_We_Only_Use_Real_Datasets_for_Scene_Text_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
HR-NAS: Searching Efficient High-Resolution Neural Architectures With Lightweight Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ding_HR-NAS_Searching_Efficient_High-Resolution_Neural_Architectures_With_Lightweight_Transformers_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MetaCorrection: Domain-Aware Meta Loss Correction for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation in Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Guo_MetaCorrection_Domain-Aware_Meta_Loss_Correction_for_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_in_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Fourier Contour Embedding for Arbitrary-Shaped Text Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhu_Fourier_Contour_Embedding_for_Arbitrary-Shaped_Text_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Mol2Image: Improved Conditional Flow Models for Molecule to Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_Mol2Image_Improved_Conditional_Flow_Models_for_Molecule_to_Image_Synthesis_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Prototype Completion With Primitive Knowledge for Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Prototype_Completion_With_Primitive_Knowledge_for_Few-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
LayoutTransformer: Scene Layout Generation With Conceptual and Spatial Diversity
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_LayoutTransformer_Scene_Layout_Generation_With_Conceptual_and_Spatial_Diversity_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Practical Wide-Angle Portraits Correction With Deep Structured Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tan_Practical_Wide-Angle_Portraits_Correction_With_Deep_Structured_Models_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Combinatorial Learning of Graph Edit Distance via Dynamic Embedding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Combinatorial_Learning_of_Graph_Edit_Distance_via_Dynamic_Embedding_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Flow-Guided One-Shot Talking Face Generation With a High-Resolution Audio-Visual Dataset
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Flow-Guided_One-Shot_Talking_Face_Generation_With_a_High-Resolution_Audio-Visual_Dataset_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
VIGOR: Cross-View Image Geo-Localization Beyond One-to-One Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhu_VIGOR_Cross-View_Image_Geo-Localization_Beyond_One-to-One_Retrieval_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning a Facial Expression Embedding Disentangled From Identity
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Learning_a_Facial_Expression_Embedding_Disentangled_From_Identity_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Robust Bayesian Neural Networks by Spectral Expectation Bound Regularization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Robust_Bayesian_Neural_Networks_by_Spectral_Expectation_Bound_Regularization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
3D CNNs With Adaptive Temporal Feature Resolutions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Fayyaz_3D_CNNs_With_Adaptive_Temporal_Feature_Resolutions_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Multiple Instance Active Learning for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yuan_Multiple_Instance_Active_Learning_for_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning an Explicit Weighting Scheme for Adapting Complex HSI Noise
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Rui_Learning_an_Explicit_Weighting_Scheme_for_Adapting_Complex_HSI_Noise_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Neural Parts: Learning Expressive 3D Shape Abstractions With Invertible Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Paschalidou_Neural_Parts_Learning_Expressive_3D_Shape_Abstractions_With_Invertible_Neural_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PV-RAFT: Point-Voxel Correlation Fields for Scene Flow Estimation of Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wei_PV-RAFT_Point-Voxel_Correlation_Fields_for_Scene_Flow_Estimation_of_Point_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Improving the Efficiency and Robustness of Deepfakes Detection Through Precise Geometric Features
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sun_Improving_the_Efficiency_and_Robustness_of_Deepfakes_Detection_Through_Precise_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Sketch2Model: View-Aware 3D Modeling From Single Free-Hand Sketches
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Sketch2Model_View-Aware_3D_Modeling_From_Single_Free-Hand_Sketches_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Pose-Controllable Talking Face Generation by Implicitly Modularized Audio-Visual Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhou_Pose-Controllable_Talking_Face_Generation_by_Implicitly_Modularized_Audio-Visual_Representation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Modular Interactive Video Object Segmentation: Interaction-to-Mask, Propagation and Difference-Aware Fusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cheng_Modular_Interactive_Video_Object_Segmentation_Interaction-to-Mask_Propagation_and_Difference-Aware_Fusion_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Accurate Dense Correspondences and When To Trust Them
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Truong_Learning_Accurate_Dense_Correspondences_and_When_To_Trust_Them_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Better Visual Dialog Agents With Pretrained Visual-Linguistic Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tu_Learning_Better_Visual_Dialog_Agents_With_Pretrained_Visual-Linguistic_Representation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Restoring Extremely Dark Images in Real Time
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lamba_Restoring_Extremely_Dark_Images_in_Real_Time_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Unbiased Mean Teacher for Cross-Domain Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Deng_Unbiased_Mean_Teacher_for_Cross-Domain_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
VoxelContext-Net: An Octree Based Framework for Point Cloud Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Que_VoxelContext-Net_An_Octree_Based_Framework_for_Point_Cloud_Compression_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
FSDR: Frequency Space Domain Randomization for Domain Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huang_FSDR_Frequency_Space_Domain_Randomization_for_Domain_Generalization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PLOP: Learning Without Forgetting for Continual Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Douillard_PLOP_Learning_Without_Forgetting_for_Continual_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Hilbert Sinkhorn Divergence for Optimal Transport
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Hilbert_Sinkhorn_Divergence_for_Optimal_Transport_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
The Multi-Temporal Urban Development SpaceNet Dataset
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Van_Etten_The_Multi-Temporal_Urban_Development_SpaceNet_Dataset_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
L2M-GAN: Learning To Manipulate Latent Space Semantics for Facial Attribute Editing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_L2M-GAN_Learning_To_Manipulate_Latent_Space_Semantics_for_Facial_Attribute_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Dense Contrastive Learning for Self-Supervised Visual Pre-Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Dense_Contrastive_Learning_for_Self-Supervised_Visual_Pre-Training_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Temporal Consistency for Low Light Video Enhancement From Single Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Learning_Temporal_Consistency_for_Low_Light_Video_Enhancement_From_Single_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Brain Image Synthesis With Unsupervised Multivariate Canonical CSCl4Net
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huang_Brain_Image_Synthesis_With_Unsupervised_Multivariate_Canonical_CSCl4Net_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Instance Level Affinity-Based Transfer for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sharma_Instance_Level_Affinity-Based_Transfer_for_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Shallow Feature Matters for Weakly Supervised Object Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wei_Shallow_Feature_Matters_for_Weakly_Supervised_Object_Localization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PLADE-Net: Towards Pixel-Level Accuracy for Self-Supervised Single-View Depth Estimation With Neural Positional Encoding and Distilled Matting Loss
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gonzalez_PLADE-Net_Towards_Pixel-Level_Accuracy_for_Self-Supervised_Single-View_Depth_Estimation_With_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
AttentiveNAS: Improving Neural Architecture Search via Attentive Sampling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_AttentiveNAS_Improving_Neural_Architecture_Search_via_Attentive_Sampling_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Evaluating and Training Verifiably Robust Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lyu_Towards_Evaluating_and_Training_Verifiably_Robust_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Relation-aware Instance Refinement for Weakly Supervised Visual Grounding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Relation-aware_Instance_Refinement_for_Weakly_Supervised_Visual_Grounding_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Spatially-Invariant Style-Codes Controlled Makeup Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Deng_Spatially-Invariant_Style-Codes_Controlled_Makeup_Transfer_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
A Deep Emulator for Secondary Motion of 3D Characters
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zheng_A_Deep_Emulator_for_Secondary_Motion_of_3D_Characters_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
IMAGINE: Image Synthesis by Image-Guided Model Inversion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_IMAGINE_Image_Synthesis_by_Image-Guided_Model_Inversion_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Neural Scene Graphs for Dynamic Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ost_Neural_Scene_Graphs_for_Dynamic_Scenes_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Spatially-Variant MAP Models for Non-Blind Image Deblurring
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Dong_Learning_Spatially-Variant_MAP_Models_for_Non-Blind_Image_Deblurring_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
BoxInst: High-Performance Instance Segmentation With Box Annotations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tian_BoxInst_High-Performance_Instance_Segmentation_With_Box_Annotations_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Dynamic Probabilistic Graph Convolution for Facial Action Unit Intensity Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Song_Dynamic_Probabilistic_Graph_Convolution_for_Facial_Action_Unit_Intensity_Estimation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Spatial-Temporal Correlation and Topology Learning for Person Re-Identification in Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Spatial-Temporal_Correlation_and_Topology_Learning_for_Person_Re-Identification_in_Videos_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Rethinking Semantic Segmentation From a Sequence-to-Sequence Perspective With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zheng_Rethinking_Semantic_Segmentation_From_a_Sequence-to-Sequence_Perspective_With_Transformers_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Affinity-Aware Upsampling for Deep Image Matting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Dai_Learning_Affinity-Aware_Upsampling_for_Deep_Image_Matting_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Leveraging Large-Scale Weakly Labeled Data for Semi-Supervised Mass Detection in Mammograms
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tang_Leveraging_Large-Scale_Weakly_Labeled_Data_for_Semi-Supervised_Mass_Detection_in_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Instant-Teaching: An End-to-End Semi-Supervised Object Detection Framework
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhou_Instant-Teaching_An_End-to-End_Semi-Supervised_Object_Detection_Framework_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Generative Hierarchical Features From Synthesizing Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xu_Generative_Hierarchical_Features_From_Synthesizing_Images_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Affect2MM: Affective Analysis of Multimedia Content Using Emotion Causality
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Mittal_Affect2MM_Affective_Analysis_of_Multimedia_Content_Using_Emotion_Causality_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Occlusion-Aware Instance Segmentation With Overlapping BiLayers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ke_Deep_Occlusion-Aware_Instance_Segmentation_With_Overlapping_BiLayers_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MonoRec: Semi-Supervised Dense Reconstruction in Dynamic Environments From a Single Moving Camera
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wimbauer_MonoRec_Semi-Supervised_Dense_Reconstruction_in_Dynamic_Environments_From_a_Single_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DAP: Detection-Aware Pre-Training With Weak Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhong_DAP_Detection-Aware_Pre-Training_With_Weak_Supervision_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
IBRNet: Learning Multi-View Image-Based Rendering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_IBRNet_Learning_Multi-View_Image-Based_Rendering_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
From Shadow Generation To Shadow Removal
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_From_Shadow_Generation_To_Shadow_Removal_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Face Forgery Detection by 3D Decomposition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhu_Face_Forgery_Detection_by_3D_Decomposition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Anti-Adversarially Manipulated Attributions for Weakly and Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lee_Anti-Adversarially_Manipulated_Attributions_for_Weakly_and_Semi-Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Points As Queries: Weakly Semi-Supervised Object Detection by Points
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Points_As_Queries_Weakly_Semi-Supervised_Object_Detection_by_Points_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Contrastive Learning for Compact Single Image Dehazing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wu_Contrastive_Learning_for_Compact_Single_Image_Dehazing_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Camouflaged Object Segmentation With Distraction Mining
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Mei_Camouflaged_Object_Segmentation_With_Distraction_Mining_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
In the Light of Feature Distributions: Moment Matching for Neural Style Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kalischek_In_the_Light_of_Feature_Distributions_Moment_Matching_for_Neural_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Holistic 3D Scene Understanding From a Single Image With Implicit Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Holistic_3D_Scene_Understanding_From_a_Single_Image_With_Implicit_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MultiBodySync: Multi-Body Segmentation and Motion Estimation via 3D Scan Synchronization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huang_MultiBodySync_Multi-Body_Segmentation_and_Motion_Estimation_via_3D_Scan_Synchronization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
HistoGAN: Controlling Colors of GAN-Generated and Real Images via Color Histograms
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Afifi_HistoGAN_Controlling_Colors_of_GAN-Generated_and_Real_Images_via_Color_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Probabilistic Model Distillation for Semantic Correspondence
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Probabilistic_Model_Distillation_for_Semantic_Correspondence_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
OpenRooms: An Open Framework for Photorealistic Indoor Scene Datasets
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_OpenRooms_An_Open_Framework_for_Photorealistic_Indoor_Scene_Datasets_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
CausalVAE: Disentangled Representation Learning via Neural Structural Causal Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_CausalVAE_Disentangled_Representation_Learning_via_Neural_Structural_Causal_Models_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
VideoMoCo: Contrastive Video Representation Learning With Temporally Adversarial Examples
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Pan_VideoMoCo_Contrastive_Video_Representation_Learning_With_Temporally_Adversarial_Examples_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Stereo Radiance Fields (SRF): Learning View Synthesis for Sparse Views of Novel Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chibane_Stereo_Radiance_Fields_SRF_Learning_View_Synthesis_for_Sparse_Views_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Monocular 3D Object Detection: An Extrinsic Parameter Free Approach
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhou_Monocular_3D_Object_Detection_An_Extrinsic_Parameter_Free_Approach_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Calibrated RGB-D Salient Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ji_Calibrated_RGB-D_Salient_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
OSTeC: One-Shot Texture Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gecer_OSTeC_One-Shot_Texture_Completion_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Robust Representation Learning With Feedback for Single Image Deraining
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Robust_Representation_Learning_With_Feedback_for_Single_Image_Deraining_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Fully Understanding Generic Objects: Modeling, Segmentation, and Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Fully_Understanding_Generic_Objects_Modeling_Segmentation_and_Reconstruction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Graphs for Knowledge Transfer With Limited Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ghosh_Learning_Graphs_for_Knowledge_Transfer_With_Limited_Labels_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DualGraph: A Graph-Based Method for Reasoning About Label Noise
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_DualGraph_A_Graph-Based_Method_for_Reasoning_About_Label_Noise_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Automatic Correction of Internal Units in Generative Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tousi_Automatic_Correction_of_Internal_Units_in_Generative_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Coarse-Fine Networks for Temporal Activity Detection in Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kahatapitiya_Coarse-Fine_Networks_for_Temporal_Activity_Detection_in_Videos_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SurFree: A Fast Surrogate-Free Black-Box Attack
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Maho_SurFree_A_Fast_Surrogate-Free_Black-Box_Attack_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Beyond Image to Depth: Improving Depth Prediction Using Echoes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Parida_Beyond_Image_to_Depth_Improving_Depth_Prediction_Using_Echoes_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Sequential Graph Convolutional Network for Active Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Caramalau_Sequential_Graph_Convolutional_Network_for_Active_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Intelligent Carpet: Inferring 3D Human Pose From Tactile Signals
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Luo_Intelligent_Carpet_Inferring_3D_Human_Pose_From_Tactile_Signals_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Two-View Structure-From-Motion Revisited
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Deep_Two-View_Structure-From-Motion_Revisited_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Cluster, Split, Fuse, and Update: Meta-Learning for Open Compound Domain Adaptive Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gong_Cluster_Split_Fuse_and_Update_Meta-Learning_for_Open_Compound_Domain_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Beyond Short Clips: End-to-End Video-Level Learning With Collaborative Memories
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_Beyond_Short_Clips_End-to-End_Video-Level_Learning_With_Collaborative_Memories_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
ACRE: Abstract Causal REasoning Beyond Covariation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_ACRE_Abstract_Causal_REasoning_Beyond_Covariation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DeepLM: Large-Scale Nonlinear Least Squares on Deep Learning Frameworks Using Stochastic Domain Decomposition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huang_DeepLM_Large-Scale_Nonlinear_Least_Squares_on_Deep_Learning_Frameworks_Using_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Background Splitting: Finding Rare Classes in a Sea of Background
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Mullapudi_Background_Splitting_Finding_Rare_Classes_in_a_Sea_of_Background_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Adaptive Convolutions for Structure-Aware Style Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chandran_Adaptive_Convolutions_for_Structure-Aware_Style_Transfer_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
NExT-QA: Next Phase of Question-Answering to Explaining Temporal Actions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xiao_NExT-QA_Next_Phase_of_Question-Answering_to_Explaining_Temporal_Actions_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
LayoutGMN: Neural Graph Matching for Structural Layout Similarity
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Patil_LayoutGMN_Neural_Graph_Matching_for_Structural_Layout_Similarity_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Spatial Feature Calibration and Temporal Fusion for Effective One-Stage Video Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Spatial_Feature_Calibration_and_Temporal_Fusion_for_Effective_One-Stage_Video_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Structure-Aware Face Clustering on a Large-Scale Graph With 107 Nodes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Shen_Structure-Aware_Face_Clustering_on_a_Large-Scale_Graph_With_107_Nodes_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Permuted AdaIN: Reducing the Bias Towards Global Statistics in Image Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Nuriel_Permuted_AdaIN_Reducing_the_Bias_Towards_Global_Statistics_in_Image_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
LEAP: Learning Articulated Occupancy of People
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Mihajlovic_LEAP_Learning_Articulated_Occupancy_of_People_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Flow-Based Kernel Prior With Application to Blind Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liang_Flow-Based_Kernel_Prior_With_Application_to_Blind_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Detection, Tracking, and Counting Meets Drones in Crowds: A Benchmark
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wen_Detection_Tracking_and_Counting_Meets_Drones_in_Crowds_A_Benchmark_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Bottom-Up Shift and Reasoning for Referring Image Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_Bottom-Up_Shift_and_Reasoning_for_Referring_Image_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Sparse Auxiliary Networks for Unified Monocular Depth Prediction and Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Guizilini_Sparse_Auxiliary_Networks_for_Unified_Monocular_Depth_Prediction_and_Completion_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Pedestrian and Ego-Vehicle Trajectory Prediction From Monocular Camera
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Neumann_Pedestrian_and_Ego-Vehicle_Trajectory_Prediction_From_Monocular_Camera_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Action Selection Learning in Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ma_Weakly_Supervised_Action_Selection_Learning_in_Video_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Segment Actions From Visual and Language Instructions via Differentiable Weak Sequence Alignment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Shen_Learning_To_Segment_Actions_From_Visual_and_Language_Instructions_via_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Semantic Image Matting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sun_Semantic_Image_Matting_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Informative and Consistent Correspondence Mining for Cross-Domain Weakly Supervised Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hou_Informative_and_Consistent_Correspondence_Mining_for_Cross-Domain_Weakly_Supervised_Object_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised Domain Adaptation Based on Dual-Level Domain Mixing for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Semi-Supervised_Domain_Adaptation_Based_on_Dual-Level_Domain_Mixing_for_Semantic_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Shelf-Supervised Mesh Prediction in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ye_Shelf-Supervised_Mesh_Prediction_in_the_Wild_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Gated Spatio-Temporal Attention-Guided Video Deblurring
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Suin_Gated_Spatio-Temporal_Attention-Guided_Video_Deblurring_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Multi-Scale Photo Exposure Correction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Afifi_Learning_Multi-Scale_Photo_Exposure_Correction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Semantic Person Image Generation by Region-Adaptive Normalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lv_Learning_Semantic_Person_Image_Generation_by_Region-Adaptive_Normalization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Rethinking Class Relations: Absolute-Relative Supervised and Unsupervised Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Rethinking_Class_Relations_Absolute-Relative_Supervised_and_Unsupervised_Few-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Plan2Scene: Converting Floorplans to 3D Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Vidanapathirana_Plan2Scene_Converting_Floorplans_to_3D_Scenes_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DatasetGAN: Efficient Labeled Data Factory With Minimal Human Effort
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_DatasetGAN_Efficient_Labeled_Data_Factory_With_Minimal_Human_Effort_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SUTD-TrafficQA: A Question Answering Benchmark and an Efficient Network for Video Reasoning Over Traffic Events
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xu_SUTD-TrafficQA_A_Question_Answering_Benchmark_and_an_Efficient_Network_for_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
StyleMeUp: Towards Style-Agnostic Sketch-Based Image Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sain_StyleMeUp_Towards_Style-Agnostic_Sketch-Based_Image_Retrieval_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Reformulating HOI Detection As Adaptive Set Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Reformulating_HOI_Detection_As_Adaptive_Set_Prediction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Strengthen Learning Tolerance for Weakly Supervised Object Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Guo_Strengthen_Learning_Tolerance_for_Weakly_Supervised_Object_Localization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Mesh Saliency: An Independent Perceptual Measure or a Derivative of Image Saliency?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Song_Mesh_Saliency_An_Independent_Perceptual_Measure_or_a_Derivative_of_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Passive Inter-Photon Imaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ingle_Passive_Inter-Photon_Imaging_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Domain Consensus Clustering for Universal Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Domain_Consensus_Clustering_for_Universal_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Probabilistic Embeddings for Cross-Modal Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chun_Probabilistic_Embeddings_for_Cross-Modal_Retrieval_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PD-GAN: Probabilistic Diverse GAN for Image Inpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_PD-GAN_Probabilistic_Diverse_GAN_for_Image_Inpainting_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
CutPaste: Self-Supervised Learning for Anomaly Detection and Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_CutPaste_Self-Supervised_Learning_for_Anomaly_Detection_and_Localization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Complementary Relation Contrastive Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhu_Complementary_Relation_Contrastive_Distillation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
HDR Environment Map Estimation for Real-Time Augmented Reality
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Somanath_HDR_Environment_Map_Estimation_for_Real-Time_Augmented_Reality_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Simultaneous Multi-Step Prediction of Road Dynamics and Cost Map
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Amirloo_Self-Supervised_Simultaneous_Multi-Step_Prediction_of_Road_Dynamics_and_Cost_Map_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Stay Positive: Non-Negative Image Synthesis for Augmented Reality
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Luo_Stay_Positive_Non-Negative_Image_Synthesis_for_Augmented_Reality_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Regularizing Generative Adversarial Networks Under Limited Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tseng_Regularizing_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_Under_Limited_Data_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Regularizing Neural Networks via Adversarial Model Perturbation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zheng_Regularizing_Neural_Networks_via_Adversarial_Model_Perturbation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Contrastive Neural Architecture Search With Neural Architecture Comparators
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Contrastive_Neural_Architecture_Search_With_Neural_Architecture_Comparators_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SIPSA-Net: Shift-Invariant Pan Sharpening With Moving Object Alignment for Satellite Imagery
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lee_SIPSA-Net_Shift-Invariant_Pan_Sharpening_With_Moving_Object_Alignment_for_Satellite_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Generalizable Pedestrian Detection: The Elephant in the Room
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hasan_Generalizable_Pedestrian_Detection_The_Elephant_in_the_Room_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Neural Representation of Camera Pose with Matrix Representation of Pose Shift via View Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhu_Learning_Neural_Representation_of_Camera_Pose_with_Matrix_Representation_of_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PML: Progressive Margin Loss for Long-Tailed Age Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Deng_PML_Progressive_Margin_Loss_for_Long-Tailed_Age_Classification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Single Image Depth Prediction With Wavelet Decomposition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ramamonjisoa_Single_Image_Depth_Prediction_With_Wavelet_Decomposition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
KOALAnet: Blind Super-Resolution Using Kernel-Oriented Adaptive Local Adjustment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kim_KOALAnet_Blind_Super-Resolution_Using_Kernel-Oriented_Adaptive_Local_Adjustment_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Positive Sample Propagation Along the Audio-Visual Event Line
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhou_Positive_Sample_Propagation_Along_the_Audio-Visual_Event_Line_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Real-Time High-Resolution Background Matting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lin_Real-Time_High-Resolution_Background_Matting_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Metadata Normalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lu_Metadata_Normalization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Discriminative Appearance Modeling With Multi-Track Pooling for Real-Time Multi-Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kim_Discriminative_Appearance_Modeling_With_Multi-Track_Pooling_for_Real-Time_Multi-Object_Tracking_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Confluent Vessel Trees With Accurate Bifurcations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Confluent_Vessel_Trees_With_Accurate_Bifurcations_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Context-Aware Biaffine Localizing Network for Temporal Sentence Grounding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Context-Aware_Biaffine_Localizing_Network_for_Temporal_Sentence_Grounding_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Auto-Exposure Fusion for Single-Image Shadow Removal
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Fu_Auto-Exposure_Fusion_for_Single-Image_Shadow_Removal_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Simpler Certified Radius Maximization by Propagating Covariances
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhen_Simpler_Certified_Radius_Maximization_by_Propagating_Covariances_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
ARVo: Learning All-Range Volumetric Correspondence for Video Deblurring
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_ARVo_Learning_All-Range_Volumetric_Correspondence_for_Video_Deblurring_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
CodedStereo: Learned Phase Masks for Large Depth-of-Field Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tan_CodedStereo_Learned_Phase_Masks_for_Large_Depth-of-Field_Stereo_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Retinex-Inspired Unrolling With Cooperative Prior Architecture Search for Low-Light Image Enhancement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Retinex-Inspired_Unrolling_With_Cooperative_Prior_Architecture_Search_for_Low-Light_Image_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Fast and Accurate Real-World Depth Super-Resolution: Benchmark Dataset and Baseline
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/He_Towards_Fast_and_Accurate_Real-World_Depth_Super-Resolution_Benchmark_Dataset_and_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DI-Fusion: Online Implicit 3D Reconstruction With Deep Priors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huang_DI-Fusion_Online_Implicit_3D_Reconstruction_With_Deep_Priors_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Graph-Based High-Order Relation Modeling for Long-Term Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhou_Graph-Based_High-Order_Relation_Modeling_for_Long-Term_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
img2pose: Face Alignment and Detection via 6DoF, Face Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Albiero_img2pose_Face_Alignment_and_Detection_via_6DoF_Face_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
NeuroMorph: Unsupervised Shape Interpolation and Correspondence in One Go
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Eisenberger_NeuroMorph_Unsupervised_Shape_Interpolation_and_Correspondence_in_One_Go_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Progressive Contour Regression for Arbitrary-Shape Scene Text Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Dai_Progressive_Contour_Regression_for_Arbitrary-Shape_Scene_Text_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
The Neural Tangent Link Between CNN Denoisers and Non-Local Filters
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tachella_The_Neural_Tangent_Link_Between_CNN_Denoisers_and_Non-Local_Filters_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Dynamic Slimmable Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Dynamic_Slimmable_Network_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised Synthesis of High-Resolution Editable Textures for 3D Humans
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chaudhuri_Semi-Supervised_Synthesis_of_High-Resolution_Editable_Textures_for_3D_Humans_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Thinking Fast and Slow: Efficient Text-to-Visual Retrieval With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Miech_Thinking_Fast_and_Slow_Efficient_Text-to-Visual_Retrieval_With_Transformers_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Uncertainty Reduction for Model Adaptation in Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/S_Uncertainty_Reduction_for_Model_Adaptation_in_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Triadic Belief Dynamics in Nonverbal Communication From Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Fan_Learning_Triadic_Belief_Dynamics_in_Nonverbal_Communication_From_Videos_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Adaptive Prototype Learning and Allocation for Few-Shot Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Adaptive_Prototype_Learning_and_Allocation_for_Few-Shot_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Im2Vec: Synthesizing Vector Graphics Without Vector Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Reddy_Im2Vec_Synthesizing_Vector_Graphics_Without_Vector_Supervision_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Part Segmentation Through Disentangling Appearance and Shape
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Unsupervised_Part_Segmentation_Through_Disentangling_Appearance_and_Shape_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Affective Processes: Stochastic Modelling of Temporal Context for Emotion and Facial Expression Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sanchez_Affective_Processes_Stochastic_Modelling_of_Temporal_Context_for_Emotion_and_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
ID-Unet: Iterative Soft and Hard Deformation for View Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yin_ID-Unet_Iterative_Soft_and_Hard_Deformation_for_View_Synthesis_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Mask-ToF: Learning Microlens Masks for Flying Pixel Correction in Time-of-Flight Imaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chugunov_Mask-ToF_Learning_Microlens_Masks_for_Flying_Pixel_Correction_in_Time-of-Flight_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
QPP: Real-Time Quantization Parameter Prediction for Deep Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kryzhanovskiy_QPP_Real-Time_Quantization_Parameter_Prediction_for_Deep_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
CReST: A Class-Rebalancing Self-Training Framework for Imbalanced Semi-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wei_CReST_A_Class-Rebalancing_Self-Training_Framework_for_Imbalanced_Semi-Supervised_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Diverse Paragraph Captioning for Untrimmed Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Song_Towards_Diverse_Paragraph_Captioning_for_Untrimmed_Videos_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Adversarial Robustness Across Representation Spaces
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Awasthi_Adversarial_Robustness_Across_Representation_Spaces_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MagDR: Mask-Guided Detection and Reconstruction for Defending Deepfakes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_MagDR_Mask-Guided_Detection_and_Reconstruction_for_Defending_Deepfakes_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Lighting, Reflectance and Geometry Estimation From 360deg Panoramic Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Lighting_Reflectance_and_Geometry_Estimation_From_360deg_Panoramic_Stereo_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
NeX: Real-Time View Synthesis With Neural Basis Expansion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wizadwongsa_NeX_Real-Time_View_Synthesis_With_Neural_Basis_Expansion_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Beyond Bounding-Box: Convex-Hull Feature Adaptation for Oriented and Densely Packed Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Guo_Beyond_Bounding-Box_Convex-Hull_Feature_Adaptation_for_Oriented_and_Densely_Packed_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Parser-Free Virtual Try-On via Distilling Appearance Flows
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ge_Parser-Free_Virtual_Try-On_via_Distilling_Appearance_Flows_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Rethinking BiSeNet for Real-Time Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Fan_Rethinking_BiSeNet_for_Real-Time_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Restore Hazy Video: A New Real-World Dataset and a New Method
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Learning_To_Restore_Hazy_Video_A_New_Real-World_Dataset_and_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Efficient Tensor Decomposition-Based DNN Model Compression With Optimization Framework
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yin_Towards_Efficient_Tensor_Decomposition-Based_DNN_Model_Compression_With_Optimization_Framework_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
User-Guided Line Art Flat Filling With Split Filling Mechanism
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_User-Guided_Line_Art_Flat_Filling_With_Split_Filling_Mechanism_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DeFLOCNet: Deep Image Editing via Flexible Low-Level Controls
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_DeFLOCNet_Deep_Image_Editing_via_Flexible_Low-Level_Controls_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Group Whitening: Balancing Learning Efficiency and Representational Capacity
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huang_Group_Whitening_Balancing_Learning_Efficiency_and_Representational_Capacity_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Adversarial Robustness Under Long-Tailed Distribution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wu_Adversarial_Robustness_Under_Long-Tailed_Distribution_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Augmentation Strategies for Learning With Noisy Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Nishi_Augmentation_Strategies_for_Learning_With_Noisy_Labels_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
AdaStereo: A Simple and Efficient Approach for Adaptive Stereo Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Song_AdaStereo_A_Simple_and_Efficient_Approach_for_Adaptive_Stereo_Matching_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Point Cloud Instance Segmentation Using Probabilistic Embeddings
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Point_Cloud_Instance_Segmentation_Using_Probabilistic_Embeddings_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Large-Capacity Image Steganography Based on Invertible Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lu_Large-Capacity_Image_Steganography_Based_on_Invertible_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Exploiting Edge-Oriented Reasoning for 3D Point-Based Scene Graph Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Exploiting_Edge-Oriented_Reasoning_for_3D_Point-Based_Scene_Graph_Analysis_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Every Annotation Counts: Multi-Label Deep Supervision for Medical Image Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Reiss_Every_Annotation_Counts_Multi-Label_Deep_Supervision_for_Medical_Image_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
FAPIS: A Few-Shot Anchor-Free Part-Based Instance Segmenter
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Nguyen_FAPIS_A_Few-Shot_Anchor-Free_Part-Based_Instance_Segmenter_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Gradient Forward-Propagation for Large-Scale Temporal Video Modelling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Malinowski_Gradient_Forward-Propagation_for_Large-Scale_Temporal_Video_Modelling_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning a Non-Blind Deblurring Network for Night Blurry Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Learning_a_Non-Blind_Deblurring_Network_for_Night_Blurry_Images_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Differentiable Diffusion for Dense Depth Estimation From Multi-View Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Khan_Differentiable_Diffusion_for_Dense_Depth_Estimation_From_Multi-View_Images_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Compositional Metric Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zheng_Deep_Compositional_Metric_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
AIFit: Automatic 3D Human-Interpretable Feedback Models for Fitness Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Fieraru_AIFit_Automatic_3D_Human-Interpretable_Feedback_Models_for_Fitness_Training_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Synthesizing Long-Term 3D Human Motion and Interaction in 3D Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Synthesizing_Long-Term_3D_Human_Motion_and_Interaction_in_3D_Scenes_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Diverse Branch Block: Building a Convolution as an Inception-Like Unit
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ding_Diverse_Branch_Block_Building_a_Convolution_as_an_Inception-Like_Unit_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Post-Hoc Uncertainty Calibration for Domain Drift Scenarios
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tomani_Post-Hoc_Uncertainty_Calibration_for_Domain_Drift_Scenarios_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
LAU-Net: Latitude Adaptive Upscaling Network for Omnidirectional Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Deng_LAU-Net_Latitude_Adaptive_Upscaling_Network_for_Omnidirectional_Image_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
CDFI: Compression-Driven Network Design for Frame Interpolation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ding_CDFI_Compression-Driven_Network_Design_for_Frame_Interpolation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Representative Batch Normalization With Feature Calibration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gao_Representative_Batch_Normalization_With_Feature_Calibration_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
VarifocalNet: An IoU-Aware Dense Object Detector
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_VarifocalNet_An_IoU-Aware_Dense_Object_Detector_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Abstract Spatial-Temporal Reasoning via Probabilistic Abduction and Execution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Abstract_Spatial-Temporal_Reasoning_via_Probabilistic_Abduction_and_Execution_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Reducing Domain Gap by Reducing Style Bias
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Nam_Reducing_Domain_Gap_by_Reducing_Style_Bias_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Semantic Relation Reasoning for Shot-Stable Few-Shot Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhu_Semantic_Relation_Reasoning_for_Shot-Stable_Few-Shot_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Online Multiple Object Tracking With Cross-Task Synergy
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Guo_Online_Multiple_Object_Tracking_With_Cross-Task_Synergy_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Prior Based Human Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhao_Prior_Based_Human_Completion_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
FSCE: Few-Shot Object Detection via Contrastive Proposal Encoding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sun_FSCE_Few-Shot_Object_Detection_via_Contrastive_Proposal_Encoding_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning 3D Shape Feature for Texture-Insensitive Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Learning_3D_Shape_Feature_for_Texture-Insensitive_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
OPANAS: One-Shot Path Aggregation Network Architecture Search for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liang_OPANAS_One-Shot_Path_Aggregation_Network_Architecture_Search_for_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Partial Person Re-Identification With Part-Part Correspondence Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/He_Partial_Person_Re-Identification_With_Part-Part_Correspondence_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Transformer Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Transformer_Tracking_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Structured Scene Memory for Vision-Language Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Structured_Scene_Memory_for_Vision-Language_Navigation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Progressive Stage-Wise Learning for Unsupervised Feature Representation Enhancement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Progressive_Stage-Wise_Learning_for_Unsupervised_Feature_Representation_Enhancement_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Domain-Specific Suppression for Adaptive Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Domain-Specific_Suppression_for_Adaptive_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
D2IM-Net: Learning Detail Disentangled Implicit Fields From Single Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_D2IM-Net_Learning_Detail_Disentangled_Implicit_Fields_From_Single_Images_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MonoRUn: Monocular 3D Object Detection by Reconstruction and Uncertainty Propagation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_MonoRUn_Monocular_3D_Object_Detection_by_Reconstruction_and_Uncertainty_Propagation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Image Generation via Cross-Domain Correspondence
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ojha_Few-Shot_Image_Generation_via_Cross-Domain_Correspondence_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Neural Body: Implicit Neural Representations With Structured Latent Codes for Novel View Synthesis of Dynamic Humans
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Peng_Neural_Body_Implicit_Neural_Representations_With_Structured_Latent_Codes_for_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
3D Video Stabilization With Depth Estimation by CNN-Based Optimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lee_3D_Video_Stabilization_With_Depth_Estimation_by_CNN-Based_Optimization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Predicting Human Scanpaths in Visual Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Predicting_Human_Scanpaths_in_Visual_Question_Answering_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DetectoRS: Detecting Objects With Recursive Feature Pyramid and Switchable Atrous Convolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Qiao_DetectoRS_Detecting_Objects_With_Recursive_Feature_Pyramid_and_Switchable_Atrous_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Improving Accuracy of Binary Neural Networks Using Unbalanced Activation Distribution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kim_Improving_Accuracy_of_Binary_Neural_Networks_Using_Unbalanced_Activation_Distribution_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Cylindrical and Asymmetrical 3D Convolution Networks for LiDAR Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhu_Cylindrical_and_Asymmetrical_3D_Convolution_Networks_for_LiDAR_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DCT-Mask: Discrete Cosine Transform Mask Representation for Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Shen_DCT-Mask_Discrete_Cosine_Transform_Mask_Representation_for_Instance_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Dynamic Domain Adaptation for Efficient Inference
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Dynamic_Domain_Adaptation_for_Efficient_Inference_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Multi-Source Domain Adaptation Without Access to Source Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ahmed_Unsupervised_Multi-Source_Domain_Adaptation_Without_Access_to_Source_Data_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Cross Modal Focal Loss for RGBD Face Anti-Spoofing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/George_Cross_Modal_Focal_Loss_for_RGBD_Face_Anti-Spoofing_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Tangent Space Backpropagation for 3D Transformation Groups
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Teed_Tangent_Space_Backpropagation_for_3D_Transformation_Groups_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Classification With Feature Map Reconstruction Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wertheimer_Few-Shot_Classification_With_Feature_Map_Reconstruction_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Spatio-temporal Contrastive Domain Adaptation for Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Song_Spatio-temporal_Contrastive_Domain_Adaptation_for_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Exploiting Semantic Embedding and Visual Feature for Facial Action Unit Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_Exploiting_Semantic_Embedding_and_Visual_Feature_for_Facial_Action_Unit_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Categorical Depth Distribution Network for Monocular 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Reading_Categorical_Depth_Distribution_Network_for_Monocular_3D_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Learning for Robust Fitting: A Reinforcement Learning Approach
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Truong_Unsupervised_Learning_for_Robust_Fitting_A_Reinforcement_Learning_Approach_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning to Track Instances without Video Annotations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Fu_Learning_to_Track_Instances_without_Video_Annotations_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Representation Learning via Global Temporal Alignment and Cycle-Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hadji_Representation_Learning_via_Global_Temporal_Alignment_and_Cycle-Consistency_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
When Age-Invariant Face Recognition Meets Face Age Synthesis: A Multi-Task Learning Framework
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huang_When_Age-Invariant_Face_Recognition_Meets_Face_Age_Synthesis_A_Multi-Task_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Dynamics via Graph Neural Networks for Human Pose Estimation and Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_Learning_Dynamics_via_Graph_Neural_Networks_for_Human_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Smoothing the Disentangled Latent Style Space for Unsupervised Image-to-Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Smoothing_the_Disentangled_Latent_Style_Space_for_Unsupervised_Image-to-Image_Translation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Robust Instance Segmentation Through Reasoning About Multi-Object Occlusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yuan_Robust_Instance_Segmentation_Through_Reasoning_About_Multi-Object_Occlusion_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Architectural Adversarial Robustness: The Case for Deep Pursuit
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cazenavette_Architectural_Adversarial_Robustness_The_Case_for_Deep_Pursuit_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Scene Essence
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Qiu_Scene_Essence_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
VDSM: Unsupervised Video Disentanglement With State-Space Modeling and Deep Mixtures of Experts
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Vowels_VDSM_Unsupervised_Video_Disentanglement_With_State-Space_Modeling_and_Deep_Mixtures_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deformed Implicit Field: Modeling 3D Shapes With Learned Dense Correspondence
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Deng_Deformed_Implicit_Field_Modeling_3D_Shapes_With_Learned_Dense_Correspondence_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Verifiability and Predictability: Interpreting Utilities of Network Architectures for Point Cloud Processing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Shen_Verifiability_and_Predictability_Interpreting_Utilities_of_Network_Architectures_for_Point_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Neural Splines: Fitting 3D Surfaces With Infinitely-Wide Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Williams_Neural_Splines_Fitting_3D_Surfaces_With_Infinitely-Wide_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Few-Shot 3D Point Cloud Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhao_Few-Shot_3D_Point_Cloud_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Adaptive Consistency Prior Based Deep Network for Image Denoising
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ren_Adaptive_Consistency_Prior_Based_Deep_Network_for_Image_Denoising_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Topological Planning With Transformers for Vision-and-Language Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Topological_Planning_With_Transformers_for_Vision-and-Language_Navigation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Open-Book Video Captioning With Retrieve-Copy-Generate Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Open-Book_Video_Captioning_With_Retrieve-Copy-Generate_Network_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SDD-FIQA: Unsupervised Face Image Quality Assessment With Similarity Distribution Distance
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ou_SDD-FIQA_Unsupervised_Face_Image_Quality_Assessment_With_Similarity_Distribution_Distance_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Embracing Uncertainty: Decoupling and De-Bias for Robust Temporal Grounding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhou_Embracing_Uncertainty_Decoupling_and_De-Bias_for_Robust_Temporal_Grounding_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Discrete-Continuous Action Space Policy Gradient-Based Attention for Image-Text Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yan_Discrete-Continuous_Action_Space_Policy_Gradient-Based_Attention_for_Image-Text_Matching_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Continuous Image Representation With Local Implicit Image Function
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Learning_Continuous_Image_Representation_With_Local_Implicit_Image_Function_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Locally Aware Piecewise Transformation Fields for 3D Human Mesh Registration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Locally_Aware_Piecewise_Transformation_Fields_for_3D_Human_Mesh_Registration_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Graph Attention Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Guo_Graph_Attention_Tracking_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
OpenMix: Reviving Known Knowledge for Discovering Novel Visual Categories in an Open World
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhong_OpenMix_Reviving_Known_Knowledge_for_Discovering_Novel_Visual_Categories_in_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
General Instance Distillation for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Dai_General_Instance_Distillation_for_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Cross-View Regularization for Domain Adaptive Panoptic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huang_Cross-View_Regularization_for_Domain_Adaptive_Panoptic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Lesion-Aware Transformers for Diabetic Retinopathy Grading
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sun_Lesion-Aware_Transformers_for_Diabetic_Retinopathy_Grading_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
QPIC: Query-Based Pairwise Human-Object Interaction Detection With Image-Wide Contextual Information
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tamura_QPIC_Query-Based_Pairwise_Human-Object_Interaction_Detection_With_Image-Wide_Contextual_Information_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Home Action Genome: Cooperative Compositional Action Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Rai_Home_Action_Genome_Cooperative_Compositional_Action_Understanding_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Less Is More: ClipBERT for Video-and-Language Learning via Sparse Sampling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lei_Less_Is_More_ClipBERT_for_Video-and-Language_Learning_via_Sparse_Sampling_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Learning of Depth Inference for Multi-View Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_Self-Supervised_Learning_of_Depth_Inference_for_Multi-View_Stereo_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
ST3D: Self-Training for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation on 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_ST3D_Self-Training_for_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_on_3D_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Exploiting &amp; Refining Depth Distributions With Triangulation Light Curtains
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Raaj_Exploiting__Refining_Depth_Distributions_With_Triangulation_Light_Curtains_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deeply Shape-Guided Cascade for Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ding_Deeply_Shape-Guided_Cascade_for_Instance_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Fashion IQ: A New Dataset Towards Retrieving Images by Natural Language Feedback
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wu_Fashion_IQ_A_New_Dataset_Towards_Retrieving_Images_by_Natural_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
GeoSim: Realistic Video Simulation via Geometry-Aware Composition for Self-Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_GeoSim_Realistic_Video_Simulation_via_Geometry-Aware_Composition_for_Self-Driving_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Anchor-Constrained Viterbi for Set-Supervised Action Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Anchor-Constrained_Viterbi_for_Set-Supervised_Action_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Scene Structure Guidance via Cross-Task Knowledge Transfer for Single Depth Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sun_Learning_Scene_Structure_Guidance_via_Cross-Task_Knowledge_Transfer_for_Single_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Model-Based 3D Hand Reconstruction via Self-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Model-Based_3D_Hand_Reconstruction_via_Self-Supervised_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Goals From Failure
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Epstein_Learning_Goals_From_Failure_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Linear Semantics in Generative Adversarial Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xu_Linear_Semantics_in_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Mesoscopic Photogrammetry With an Unstabilized Phone Camera
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhou_Mesoscopic_Photogrammetry_With_an_Unstabilized_Phone_Camera_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Panoramic Image Reflection Removal
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hong_Panoramic_Image_Reflection_Removal_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Diverse Semantic Image Synthesis via Probability Distribution Modeling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tan_Diverse_Semantic_Image_Synthesis_via_Probability_Distribution_Modeling_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
NeRF in the Wild: Neural Radiance Fields for Unconstrained Photo Collections
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Martin-Brualla_NeRF_in_the_Wild_Neural_Radiance_Fields_for_Unconstrained_Photo_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
GrooMeD-NMS: Grouped Mathematically Differentiable NMS for Monocular 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kumar_GrooMeD-NMS_Grouped_Mathematically_Differentiable_NMS_for_Monocular_3D_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Flow Guided Transformable Bottleneck Networks for Motion Retargeting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ren_Flow_Guided_Transformable_Bottleneck_Networks_for_Motion_Retargeting_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Degradation Representation Learning for Blind Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Unsupervised_Degradation_Representation_Learning_for_Blind_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised Action Recognition With Temporal Contrastive Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Singh_Semi-Supervised_Action_Recognition_With_Temporal_Contrastive_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SG-Net: Spatial Granularity Network for One-Stage Video Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_SG-Net_Spatial_Granularity_Network_for_One-Stage_Video_Instance_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Semantic Segmentation With Generative Models: Semi-Supervised Learning and Strong Out-of-Domain Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Semantic_Segmentation_With_Generative_Models_Semi-Supervised_Learning_and_Strong_Out-of-Domain_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Burst Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bhat_Deep_Burst_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Clusformer: A Transformer Based Clustering Approach to Unsupervised Large-Scale Face and Visual Landmark Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Nguyen_Clusformer_A_Transformer_Based_Clustering_Approach_to_Unsupervised_Large-Scale_Face_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Compatibility-Aware Heterogeneous Visual Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Duggal_Compatibility-Aware_Heterogeneous_Visual_Search_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Uncertainty-Aware Joint Salient Object and Camouflaged Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Uncertainty-Aware_Joint_Salient_Object_and_Camouflaged_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
HourNAS: Extremely Fast Neural Architecture Search Through an Hourglass Lens
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_HourNAS_Extremely_Fast_Neural_Architecture_Search_Through_an_Hourglass_Lens_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PoseAug: A Differentiable Pose Augmentation Framework for 3D Human Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gong_PoseAug_A_Differentiable_Pose_Augmentation_Framework_for_3D_Human_Pose_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Seesaw Loss for Long-Tailed Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Seesaw_Loss_for_Long-Tailed_Instance_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Dynamic Neural Radiance Fields for Monocular 4D Facial Avatar Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gafni_Dynamic_Neural_Radiance_Fields_for_Monocular_4D_Facial_Avatar_Reconstruction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Adversarial Generation of Continuous Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Skorokhodov_Adversarial_Generation_of_Continuous_Images_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
TextOCR: Towards Large-Scale End-to-End Reasoning for Arbitrary-Shaped Scene Text
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Singh_TextOCR_Towards_Large-Scale_End-to-End_Reasoning_for_Arbitrary-Shaped_Scene_Text_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Source Domain Adaptation With Collaborative Learning for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/He_Multi-Source_Domain_Adaptation_With_Collaborative_Learning_for_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
A Closer Look at Fourier Spectrum Discrepancies for CNN-Generated Images Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chandrasegaran_A_Closer_Look_at_Fourier_Spectrum_Discrepancies_for_CNN-Generated_Images_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Dynamic Head: Unifying Object Detection Heads With Attentions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Dai_Dynamic_Head_Unifying_Object_Detection_Heads_With_Attentions_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
One-Shot Free-View Neural Talking-Head Synthesis for Video Conferencing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_One-Shot_Free-View_Neural_Talking-Head_Synthesis_for_Video_Conferencing_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Adversarially Adaptive Normalization for Single Domain Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Fan_Adversarially_Adaptive_Normalization_for_Single_Domain_Generalization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
RAFT-3D: Scene Flow Using Rigid-Motion Embeddings
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Teed_RAFT-3D_Scene_Flow_Using_Rigid-Motion_Embeddings_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Orthogonal Over-Parameterized Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Orthogonal_Over-Parameterized_Training_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Network Pruning via Performance Maximization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gao_Network_Pruning_via_Performance_Maximization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SceneGraphFusion: Incremental 3D Scene Graph Prediction From RGB-D Sequences
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wu_SceneGraphFusion_Incremental_3D_Scene_Graph_Prediction_From_RGB-D_Sequences_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SRWarp: Generalized Image Super-Resolution under Arbitrary Transformation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Son_SRWarp_Generalized_Image_Super-Resolution_under_Arbitrary_Transformation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Anti-Aliasing Semantic Reconstruction for Few-Shot Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Anti-Aliasing_Semantic_Reconstruction_for_Few-Shot_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Asymmetric Gained Deep Image Compression With Continuous Rate Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cui_Asymmetric_Gained_Deep_Image_Compression_With_Continuous_Rate_Adaptation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
NeRV: Neural Reflectance and Visibility Fields for Relighting and View Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Srinivasan_NeRV_Neural_Reflectance_and_Visibility_Fields_for_Relighting_and_View_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Light Field Super-Resolution With Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cheng_Light_Field_Super-Resolution_With_Zero-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Three Ways To Improve Semantic Segmentation With Self-Supervised Depth Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hoyer_Three_Ways_To_Improve_Semantic_Segmentation_With_Self-Supervised_Depth_Estimation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
iMiGUE: An Identity-Free Video Dataset for Micro-Gesture Understanding and Emotion Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_iMiGUE_An_Identity-Free_Video_Dataset_for_Micro-Gesture_Understanding_and_Emotion_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Nutrition5k: Towards Automatic Nutritional Understanding of Generic Food
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Thames_Nutrition5k_Towards_Automatic_Nutritional_Understanding_of_Generic_Food_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Scale-Aware Automatic Augmentation for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Scale-Aware_Automatic_Augmentation_for_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Prioritized Architecture Sampling With Monto-Carlo Tree Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Su_Prioritized_Architecture_Sampling_With_Monto-Carlo_Tree_Search_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Read Like Humans: Autonomous, Bidirectional and Iterative Language Modeling for Scene Text Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Fang_Read_Like_Humans_Autonomous_Bidirectional_and_Iterative_Language_Modeling_for_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Neural Architecture Search With Random Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Neural_Architecture_Search_With_Random_Labels_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
UnsupervisedR&amp;R: Unsupervised Point Cloud Registration via Differentiable Rendering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Banani_UnsupervisedRR_Unsupervised_Point_Cloud_Registration_via_Differentiable_Rendering_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
BASAR:Black-Box Attack on Skeletal Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Diao_BASARBlack-Box_Attack_on_Skeletal_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Learning on 3D Point Clouds by Learning Discrete Generative Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Eckart_Self-Supervised_Learning_on_3D_Point_Clouds_by_Learning_Discrete_Generative_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Dense Relation Distillation With Context-Aware Aggregation for Few-Shot Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hu_Dense_Relation_Distillation_With_Context-Aware_Aggregation_for_Few-Shot_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Generating Diverse Structure for Image Inpainting With Hierarchical VQ-VAE
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Peng_Generating_Diverse_Structure_for_Image_Inpainting_With_Hierarchical_VQ-VAE_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Refine Myself by Teaching Myself: Feature Refinement via Self-Knowledge Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ji_Refine_Myself_by_Teaching_Myself_Feature_Refinement_via_Self-Knowledge_Distillation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Visibility Learning for Novel View Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Shi_Self-Supervised_Visibility_Learning_for_Novel_View_Synthesis_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
CapsuleRRT: Relationships-Aware Regression Tracking via Capsules
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ma_CapsuleRRT_Relationships-Aware_Regression_Tracking_via_Capsules_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Test-Time Fast Adaptation for Dynamic Scene Deblurring via Meta-Auxiliary Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chi_Test-Time_Fast_Adaptation_for_Dynamic_Scene_Deblurring_via_Meta-Auxiliary_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
TrafficSim: Learning To Simulate Realistic Multi-Agent Behaviors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Suo_TrafficSim_Learning_To_Simulate_Realistic_Multi-Agent_Behaviors_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Monocular 3D Multi-Person Pose Estimation by Integrating Top-Down and Bottom-Up Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cheng_Monocular_3D_Multi-Person_Pose_Estimation_by_Integrating_Top-Down_and_Bottom-Up_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Hijack-GAN: Unintended-Use of Pretrained, Black-Box GANs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Hijack-GAN_Unintended-Use_of_Pretrained_Black-Box_GANs_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
LiDAR R-CNN: An Efficient and Universal 3D Object Detector
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_LiDAR_R-CNN_An_Efficient_and_Universal_3D_Object_Detector_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Region-Aware Adaptive Instance Normalization for Image Harmonization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ling_Region-Aware_Adaptive_Instance_Normalization_for_Image_Harmonization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Sign-Agnostic Implicit Learning of Surface Self-Similarities for Shape Modeling and Reconstruction From Raw Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhao_Sign-Agnostic_Implicit_Learning_of_Surface_Self-Similarities_for_Shape_Modeling_and_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Temporal Action Segmentation From Timestamp Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Temporal_Action_Segmentation_From_Timestamp_Supervision_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SMD-Nets: Stereo Mixture Density Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tosi_SMD-Nets_Stereo_Mixture_Density_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Progressive Point Embeddings for 3D Point Cloud Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wen_Learning_Progressive_Point_Embeddings_for_3D_Point_Cloud_Generation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
RangeIoUDet: Range Image Based Real-Time 3D Object Detector Optimized by Intersection Over Union
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liang_RangeIoUDet_Range_Image_Based_Real-Time_3D_Object_Detector_Optimized_by_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Real-World Blind Face Restoration With Generative Facial Prior
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Towards_Real-World_Blind_Face_Restoration_With_Generative_Facial_Prior_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Video GANs: Learning for Appearance Consistency and Motion Coherency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hyun_Self-Supervised_Video_GANs_Learning_for_Appearance_Consistency_and_Motion_Coherency_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Stochastic Whitening Batch Normalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Stochastic_Whitening_Batch_Normalization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Guided and Cross-Guided Learning for Few-Shot Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Self-Guided_and_Cross-Guided_Learning_for_Few-Shot_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Layerwise Optimization by Gradient Decomposition for Continual Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tang_Layerwise_Optimization_by_Gradient_Decomposition_for_Continual_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Boosting Monocular Depth Estimation Models to High-Resolution via Content-Adaptive Multi-Resolution Merging
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Miangoleh_Boosting_Monocular_Depth_Estimation_Models_to_High-Resolution_via_Content-Adaptive_Multi-Resolution_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Turning Frequency to Resolution: Video Super-Resolution via Event Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jing_Turning_Frequency_to_Resolution_Video_Super-Resolution_via_Event_Cameras_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PISE: Person Image Synthesis and Editing With Decoupled GAN
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_PISE_Person_Image_Synthesis_and_Editing_With_Decoupled_GAN_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning-Based Image Registration With Meta-Regularization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Safadi_Learning-Based_Image_Registration_With_Meta-Regularization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Neighborhood Contrastive Learning for Novel Class Discovery
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhong_Neighborhood_Contrastive_Learning_for_Novel_Class_Discovery_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SimPoE: Simulated Character Control for 3D Human Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yuan_SimPoE_Simulated_Character_Control_for_3D_Human_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Neural Camera Simulators
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ouyang_Neural_Camera_Simulators_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
TPCN: Temporal Point Cloud Networks for Motion Forecasting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ye_TPCN_Temporal_Point_Cloud_Networks_for_Motion_Forecasting_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Dictionary-Guided Scene Text Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Nguyen_Dictionary-Guided_Scene_Text_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Activate or Not: Learning Customized Activation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ma_Activate_or_Not_Learning_Customized_Activation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Enhance Curvature Information by Structured Stochastic Quasi-Newton Methods
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_Enhance_Curvature_Information_by_Structured_Stochastic_Quasi-Newton_Methods_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Variational Relational Point Completion Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Pan_Variational_Relational_Point_Completion_Network_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
StruMonoNet: Structure-Aware Monocular 3D Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_StruMonoNet_Structure-Aware_Monocular_3D_Prediction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Relate Depth and Semantics for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Saha_Learning_To_Relate_Depth_and_Semantics_for_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SLADE: A Self-Training Framework for Distance Metric Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Duan_SLADE_A_Self-Training_Framework_for_Distance_Metric_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Physically-Aware Generative Network for 3D Shape Modeling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Mezghanni_Physically-Aware_Generative_Network_for_3D_Shape_Modeling_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Objectron: A Large Scale Dataset of Object-Centric Videos in the Wild With Pose Annotations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ahmadyan_Objectron_A_Large_Scale_Dataset_of_Object-Centric_Videos_in_the_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Asymmetric Metric Learning for Knowledge Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Budnik_Asymmetric_Metric_Learning_for_Knowledge_Transfer_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
3DCaricShop: A Dataset and a Baseline Method for Single-View 3D Caricature Face Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Qiu_3DCaricShop_A_Dataset_and_a_Baseline_Method_for_Single-View_3D_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Fair Attribute Classification Through Latent Space De-Biasing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ramaswamy_Fair_Attribute_Classification_Through_Latent_Space_De-Biasing_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
On the Difficulty of Membership Inference Attacks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Rezaei_On_the_Difficulty_of_Membership_Inference_Attacks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Rolling Shutter Correction and Deblurring in Dynamic Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhong_Towards_Rolling_Shutter_Correction_and_Deblurring_in_Dynamic_Scenes_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Part-Based Understanding of RGB-D Scans
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bokhovkin_Towards_Part-Based_Understanding_of_RGB-D_Scans_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Bipartite Graph Network With Adaptive Message Passing for Unbiased Scene Graph Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Bipartite_Graph_Network_With_Adaptive_Message_Passing_for_Unbiased_Scene_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Guided Interactive Video Object Segmentation Using Reliability-Based Attention Maps
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Heo_Guided_Interactive_Video_Object_Segmentation_Using_Reliability-Based_Attention_Maps_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
On Self-Contact and Human Pose
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Muller_On_Self-Contact_and_Human_Pose_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Searching for Fast Model Families on Datacenter Accelerators
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Searching_for_Fast_Model_Families_on_Datacenter_Accelerators_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Task-Aware Variational Adversarial Active Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kim_Task-Aware_Variational_Adversarial_Active_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Class-Aware Robust Adversarial Training for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Class-Aware_Robust_Adversarial_Training_for_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Rainbow Memory: Continual Learning With a Memory of Diverse Samples
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bang_Rainbow_Memory_Continual_Learning_With_a_Memory_of_Diverse_Samples_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Discriminative Prototypes With Dynamic Time Warping
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chang_Learning_Discriminative_Prototypes_With_Dynamic_Time_Warping_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MOS: Towards Scaling Out-of-Distribution Detection for Large Semantic Space
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huang_MOS_Towards_Scaling_Out-of-Distribution_Detection_for_Large_Semantic_Space_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Transferable Query Selection for Active Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Fu_Transferable_Query_Selection_for_Active_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
CLCC: Contrastive Learning for Color Constancy
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lo_CLCC_Contrastive_Learning_for_Color_Constancy_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Dual Attention Suppression Attack: Generate Adversarial Camouflage in Physical World
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Dual_Attention_Suppression_Attack_Generate_Adversarial_Camouflage_in_Physical_World_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
3D Object Detection With Pointformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Pan_3D_Object_Detection_With_Pointformer_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Weakly-Supervised Physically Unconstrained Gaze Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kothari_Weakly-Supervised_Physically_Unconstrained_Gaze_Estimation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
VirTex: Learning Visual Representations From Textual Annotations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Desai_VirTex_Learning_Visual_Representations_From_Textual_Annotations_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Quantifying Explainers of Graph Neural Networks in Computational Pathology
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jaume_Quantifying_Explainers_of_Graph_Neural_Networks_in_Computational_Pathology_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Temporally-Weighted Hierarchical Clustering for Unsupervised Action Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sarfraz_Temporally-Weighted_Hierarchical_Clustering_for_Unsupervised_Action_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PCLs: Geometry-Aware Neural Reconstruction of 3D Pose With Perspective Crop Layers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yu_PCLs_Geometry-Aware_Neural_Reconstruction_of_3D_Pose_With_Perspective_Crop_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
The Affective Growth of Computer Vision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Su_The_Affective_Growth_of_Computer_Vision_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Lifelong Person Re-Identification via Adaptive Knowledge Accumulation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Pu_Lifelong_Person_Re-Identification_via_Adaptive_Knowledge_Accumulation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Locate Then Segment: A Strong Pipeline for Referring Image Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jing_Locate_Then_Segment_A_Strong_Pipeline_for_Referring_Image_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Exploring Complementary Strengths of Invariant and Equivariant Representations for Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Rizve_Exploring_Complementary_Strengths_of_Invariant_and_Equivariant_Representations_for_Few-Shot_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Bridging Event Captioner and Sentence Localizer for Weakly Supervised Dense Event Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Towards_Bridging_Event_Captioner_and_Sentence_Localizer_for_Weakly_Supervised_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Fine-Grained Angular Contrastive Learning With Coarse Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bukchin_Fine-Grained_Angular_Contrastive_Learning_With_Coarse_Labels_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Open Domain Generalization with Domain-Augmented Meta-Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Shu_Open_Domain_Generalization_with_Domain-Augmented_Meta-Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DeepTag: An Unsupervised Deep Learning Method for Motion Tracking on Cardiac Tagging Magnetic Resonance Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ye_DeepTag_An_Unsupervised_Deep_Learning_Method_for_Motion_Tracking_on_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Improving the Transferability of Adversarial Samples With Adversarial Transformations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wu_Improving_the_Transferability_of_Adversarial_Samples_With_Adversarial_Transformations_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Effective Snapshot Compressive-Spectral Imaging via Deep Denoising and Total Variation Priors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Qiu_Effective_Snapshot_Compressive-Spectral_Imaging_via_Deep_Denoising_and_Total_Variation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Bilevel Online Adaptation for Out-of-Domain Human Mesh Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Guan_Bilevel_Online_Adaptation_for_Out-of-Domain_Human_Mesh_Reconstruction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Distribution-Aware Adaptive Multi-Bit Quantization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhao_Distribution-Aware_Adaptive_Multi-Bit_Quantization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MetaSets: Meta-Learning on Point Sets for Generalizable Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huang_MetaSets_Meta-Learning_on_Point_Sets_for_Generalizable_Representations_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Dynamic Transfer for Multi-Source Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Dynamic_Transfer_for_Multi-Source_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Feature Decomposition and Reconstruction Learning for Effective Facial Expression Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ruan_Feature_Decomposition_and_Reconstruction_Learning_for_Effective_Facial_Expression_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-view Depth Estimation using Epipolar Spatio-Temporal Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Long_Multi-view_Depth_Estimation_using_Epipolar_Spatio-Temporal_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
AutoFlow: Learning a Better Training Set for Optical Flow
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sun_AutoFlow_Learning_a_Better_Training_Set_for_Optical_Flow_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Memory Oriented Transfer Learning for Semi-Supervised Image Deraining
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huang_Memory_Oriented_Transfer_Learning_for_Semi-Supervised_Image_Deraining_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
TearingNet: Point Cloud Autoencoder To Learn Topology-Friendly Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Pang_TearingNet_Point_Cloud_Autoencoder_To_Learn_Topology-Friendly_Representations_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
WebFace260M: A Benchmark Unveiling the Power of Million-Scale Deep Face Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhu_WebFace260M_A_Benchmark_Unveiling_the_Power_of_Million-Scale_Deep_Face_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Convolutional Dynamic Alignment Networks for Interpretable Classifications
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bohle_Convolutional_Dynamic_Alignment_Networks_for_Interpretable_Classifications_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Dynamic Region-Aware Convolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Dynamic_Region-Aware_Convolution_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Improving Panoptic Segmentation at All Scales
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Porzi_Improving_Panoptic_Segmentation_at_All_Scales_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Model-Contrastive Federated Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Model-Contrastive_Federated_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Scalability vs. Utility: Do We Have To Sacrifice One for the Other in Data Importance Quantification?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jia_Scalability_vs._Utility_Do_We_Have_To_Sacrifice_One_for_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Hierarchical Layout-Aware Graph Convolutional Network for Unified Aesthetics Assessment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/She_Hierarchical_Layout-Aware_Graph_Convolutional_Network_for_Unified_Aesthetics_Assessment_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
CT-Net: Complementary Transfering Network for Garment Transfer With Arbitrary Geometric Changes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_CT-Net_Complementary_Transfering_Network_for_Garment_Transfer_With_Arbitrary_Geometric_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
TAP: Text-Aware Pre-Training for Text-VQA and Text-Caption
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_TAP_Text-Aware_Pre-Training_for_Text-VQA_and_Text-Caption_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Hybrid Rotation Averaging: A Fast and Robust Rotation Averaging Approach
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Hybrid_Rotation_Averaging_A_Fast_and_Robust_Rotation_Averaging_Approach_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Out-of-Distribution Detection Using Union of 1-Dimensional Subspaces
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zaeemzadeh_Out-of-Distribution_Detection_Using_Union_of_1-Dimensional_Subspaces_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Playable Video Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Menapace_Playable_Video_Generation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Multimodal Motion Prediction With Stacked Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Multimodal_Motion_Prediction_With_Stacked_Transformers_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Exploit Visual Dependency Relations for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Exploit_Visual_Dependency_Relations_for_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DexYCB: A Benchmark for Capturing Hand Grasping of Objects
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chao_DexYCB_A_Benchmark_for_Capturing_Hand_Grasping_of_Objects_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Pushing It Out of the Way: Interactive Visual Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zeng_Pushing_It_Out_of_the_Way_Interactive_Visual_Navigation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
LoFTR: Detector-Free Local Feature Matching With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sun_LoFTR_Detector-Free_Local_Feature_Matching_With_Transformers_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Revisiting Superpixels for Active Learning in Semantic Segmentation With Realistic Annotation Costs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cai_Revisiting_Superpixels_for_Active_Learning_in_Semantic_Segmentation_With_Realistic_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Found a Reason for me? Weakly-supervised Grounded Visual Question Answering using Capsules
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Urooj_Found_a_Reason_for_me_Weakly-supervised_Grounded_Visual_Question_Answering_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Recurrent Multi-View Alignment Network for Unsupervised Surface Registration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Feng_Recurrent_Multi-View_Alignment_Network_for_Unsupervised_Surface_Registration_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
D-NeRF: Neural Radiance Fields for Dynamic Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Pumarola_D-NeRF_Neural_Radiance_Fields_for_Dynamic_Scenes_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Unified Surgical Skill Assessment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Towards_Unified_Surgical_Skill_Assessment_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Binary Graph Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bahri_Binary_Graph_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Space-Time Neural Irradiance Fields for Free-Viewpoint Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xian_Space-Time_Neural_Irradiance_Fields_for_Free-Viewpoint_Video_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Forecasting Irreversible Disease via Progression Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wu_Forecasting_Irreversible_Disease_via_Progression_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Neural Cellular Automata Manifold
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hernandez_Neural_Cellular_Automata_Manifold_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SGCN: Sparse Graph Convolution Network for Pedestrian Trajectory Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Shi_SGCN_Sparse_Graph_Convolution_Network_for_Pedestrian_Trajectory_Prediction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
CASTing Your Model: Learning To Localize Improves Self-Supervised Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Selvaraju_CASTing_Your_Model_Learning_To_Localize_Improves_Self-Supervised_Representations_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
A Sliced Wasserstein Loss for Neural Texture Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Heitz_A_Sliced_Wasserstein_Loss_for_Neural_Texture_Synthesis_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Weakly-Supervised Instance Segmentation via Class-Agnostic Learning With Salient Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Weakly-Supervised_Instance_Segmentation_via_Class-Agnostic_Learning_With_Salient_Images_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Image Restoration for Under-Display Camera
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhou_Image_Restoration_for_Under-Display_Camera_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Shot Contrastive Self-Supervised Learning for Scene Boundary Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Shot_Contrastive_Self-Supervised_Learning_for_Scene_Boundary_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Joint-DetNAS: Upgrade Your Detector With NAS, Pruning and Dynamic Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yao_Joint-DetNAS_Upgrade_Your_Detector_With_NAS_Pruning_and_Dynamic_Distillation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Back-Tracing Representative Points for Voting-Based 3D Object Detection in Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cheng_Back-Tracing_Representative_Points_for_Voting-Based_3D_Object_Detection_in_Point_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
High-Resolution Photorealistic Image Translation in Real-Time: A Laplacian Pyramid Translation Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liang_High-Resolution_Photorealistic_Image_Translation_in_Real-Time_A_Laplacian_Pyramid_Translation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
End-to-End Video Instance Segmentation With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_End-to-End_Video_Instance_Segmentation_With_Transformers_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
A Second-Order Approach to Learning With Instance-Dependent Label Noise
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhu_A_Second-Order_Approach_to_Learning_With_Instance-Dependent_Label_Noise_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
IIRC: Incremental Implicitly-Refined Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Abdelsalam_IIRC_Incremental_Implicitly-Refined_Classification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Robust Point Cloud Registration Framework Based on Deep Graph Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Fu_Robust_Point_Cloud_Registration_Framework_Based_on_Deep_Graph_Matching_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
COMPLETER: Incomplete Multi-View Clustering via Contrastive Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lin_COMPLETER_Incomplete_Multi-View_Clustering_via_Contrastive_Prediction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Image-to-Image Translation via Hierarchical Style Disentanglement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Image-to-Image_Translation_via_Hierarchical_Style_Disentanglement_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
What Can Style Transfer and Paintings Do for Model Robustness?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lin_What_Can_Style_Transfer_and_Paintings_Do_for_Model_Robustness_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Beyond Max-Margin: Class Margin Equilibrium for Few-Shot Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Beyond_Max-Margin_Class_Margin_Equilibrium_for_Few-Shot_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Dynamic Network Using a Reuse Gate Function in Semi-Supervised Video Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Park_Learning_Dynamic_Network_Using_a_Reuse_Gate_Function_in_Semi-Supervised_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
AGQA: A Benchmark for Compositional Spatio-Temporal Reasoning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Grunde-McLaughlin_AGQA_A_Benchmark_for_Compositional_Spatio-Temporal_Reasoning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Fine-Grained Segmentation of 3D Shapes Without Part Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Learning_Fine-Grained_Segmentation_of_3D_Shapes_Without_Part_Labels_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Fine-Grained Shape-Appearance Mutual Learning for Cloth-Changing Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hong_Fine-Grained_Shape-Appearance_Mutual_Learning_for_Cloth-Changing_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Joint Negative and Positive Learning for Noisy Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kim_Joint_Negative_and_Positive_Learning_for_Noisy_Labels_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Robust Neural Routing Through Space Partitions for Camera Relocalization in Dynamic Indoor Environments
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Dong_Robust_Neural_Routing_Through_Space_Partitions_for_Camera_Relocalization_in_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Facial Action Unit Detection With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jacob_Facial_Action_Unit_Detection_With_Transformers_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Discovering Hidden Physics Behind Transport Dynamics
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Discovering_Hidden_Physics_Behind_Transport_Dynamics_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Cross-View Gait Recognition With Deep Universal Linear Embeddings
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Cross-View_Gait_Recognition_With_Deep_Universal_Linear_Embeddings_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Anchor-Free Person Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yan_Anchor-Free_Person_Search_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Seeing in Extra Darkness Using a Deep-Red Flash
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xiong_Seeing_in_Extra_Darkness_Using_a_Deep-Red_Flash_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PSD: Principled Synthetic-to-Real Dehazing Guided by Physical Priors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_PSD_Principled_Synthetic-to-Real_Dehazing_Guided_by_Physical_Priors_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
A Multi-Task Network for Joint Specular Highlight Detection and Removal
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Fu_A_Multi-Task_Network_for_Joint_Specular_Highlight_Detection_and_Removal_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
All Labels Are Not Created Equal: Enhancing Semi-Supervision via Label Grouping and Co-Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Nassar_All_Labels_Are_Not_Created_Equal_Enhancing_Semi-Supervision_via_Label_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PMP-Net: Point Cloud Completion by Learning Multi-Step Point Moving Paths
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wen_PMP-Net_Point_Cloud_Completion_by_Learning_Multi-Step_Point_Moving_Paths_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Removing Raindrops and Rain Streaks in One Go
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Quan_Removing_Raindrops_and_Rain_Streaks_in_One_Go_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Action Unit Memory Network for Weakly Supervised Temporal Action Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Luo_Action_Unit_Memory_Network_for_Weakly_Supervised_Temporal_Action_Localization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
FCPose: Fully Convolutional Multi-Person Pose Estimation With Dynamic Instance-Aware Convolutions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Mao_FCPose_Fully_Convolutional_Multi-Person_Pose_Estimation_With_Dynamic_Instance-Aware_Convolutions_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Lite-HRNet: A Lightweight High-Resolution Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yu_Lite-HRNet_A_Lightweight_High-Resolution_Network_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Neural Auto-Exposure for High-Dynamic Range Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Onzon_Neural_Auto-Exposure_for_High-Dynamic_Range_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Interpreting Super-Resolution Networks With Local Attribution Maps
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gu_Interpreting_Super-Resolution_Networks_With_Local_Attribution_Maps_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Target Domain Adaptation With Collaborative Consistency Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Isobe_Multi-Target_Domain_Adaptation_With_Collaborative_Consistency_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Semantic Palette: Guiding Scene Generation With Class Proportions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Le_Moing_Semantic_Palette_Guiding_Scene_Generation_With_Class_Proportions_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Physics-Based Iterative Projection Complex Neural Network for Phase Retrieval in Lensless Microscopy Imaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Physics-Based_Iterative_Projection_Complex_Neural_Network_for_Phase_Retrieval_in_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Causal Attention for Vision-Language Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_Causal_Attention_for_Vision-Language_Tasks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
NeuTex: Neural Texture Mapping for Volumetric Neural Rendering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xiang_NeuTex_Neural_Texture_Mapping_for_Volumetric_Neural_Rendering_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Improving Multiple Pedestrian Tracking by Track Management and Occlusion Handling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Stadler_Improving_Multiple_Pedestrian_Tracking_by_Track_Management_and_Occlusion_Handling_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MOST: A Multi-Oriented Scene Text Detector With Localization Refinement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/He_MOST_A_Multi-Oriented_Scene_Text_Detector_With_Localization_Refinement_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Taskology: Utilizing Task Relations at Scale
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lu_Taskology_Utilizing_Task_Relations_at_Scale_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Soteria: Provable Defense Against Privacy Leakage in Federated Learning From Representation Perspective
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sun_Soteria_Provable_Defense_Against_Privacy_Leakage_in_Federated_Learning_From_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Linguistic Structures As Weak Supervision for Visual Scene Graph Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ye_Linguistic_Structures_As_Weak_Supervision_for_Visual_Scene_Graph_Generation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
AdvSim: Generating Safety-Critical Scenarios for Self-Driving Vehicles
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_AdvSim_Generating_Safety-Critical_Scenarios_for_Self-Driving_Vehicles_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Data-Free Knowledge Distillation for Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Data-Free_Knowledge_Distillation_for_Image_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Explaining Classifiers Using Adversarial Perturbations on the Perceptual Ball
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Elliott_Explaining_Classifiers_Using_Adversarial_Perturbations_on_the_Perceptual_Ball_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Invertible Denoising Network: A Light Solution for Real Noise Removal
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Invertible_Denoising_Network_A_Light_Solution_for_Real_Noise_Removal_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Encoder Fusion Network With Co-Attention Embedding for Referring Image Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Feng_Encoder_Fusion_Network_With_Co-Attention_Embedding_for_Referring_Image_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Counterfactual Zero-Shot and Open-Set Visual Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yue_Counterfactual_Zero-Shot_and_Open-Set_Visual_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Patch-NetVLAD: Multi-Scale Fusion of Locally-Global Descriptors for Place Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hausler_Patch-NetVLAD_Multi-Scale_Fusion_of_Locally-Global_Descriptors_for_Place_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Visually Informed Binaural Audio Generation without Binaural Audios
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xu_Visually_Informed_Binaural_Audio_Generation_without_Binaural_Audios_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Dual Attention Guided Gaze Target Detection in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Fang_Dual_Attention_Guided_Gaze_Target_Detection_in_the_Wild_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Calibrated Medical Image Segmentation via Multi-Rater Agreement Modeling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ji_Learning_Calibrated_Medical_Image_Segmentation_via_Multi-Rater_Agreement_Modeling_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
I3Net: Implicit Instance-Invariant Network for Adapting One-Stage Object Detectors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_I3Net_Implicit_Instance-Invariant_Network_for_Adapting_One-Stage_Object_Detectors_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Pixel-Aligned Volumetric Avatars
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Raj_Pixel-Aligned_Volumetric_Avatars_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Generative PointNet: Deep Energy-Based Learning on Unordered Point Sets for 3D Generation, Reconstruction and Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xie_Generative_PointNet_Deep_Energy-Based_Learning_on_Unordered_Point_Sets_for_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Blur, Noise, and Compression Robust Generative Adversarial Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kaneko_Blur_Noise_and_Compression_Robust_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Invisible Perturbations: Physical Adversarial Examples Exploiting the Rolling Shutter Effect
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sayles_Invisible_Perturbations_Physical_Adversarial_Examples_Exploiting_the_Rolling_Shutter_Effect_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DOTS: Decoupling Operation and Topology in Differentiable Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gu_DOTS_Decoupling_Operation_and_Topology_in_Differentiable_Architecture_Search_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Monocular Depth Estimation via Listwise Ranking Using the Plackett-Luce Model
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lienen_Monocular_Depth_Estimation_via_Listwise_Ranking_Using_the_Plackett-Luce_Model_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SSAN: Separable Self-Attention Network for Video Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Guo_SSAN_Separable_Self-Attention_Network_for_Video_Representation_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Natural Adversarial Examples
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hendrycks_Natural_Adversarial_Examples_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SliceNet: Deep Dense Depth Estimation From a Single Indoor Panorama Using a Slice-Based Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Pintore_SliceNet_Deep_Dense_Depth_Estimation_From_a_Single_Indoor_Panorama_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
STaR: Self-Supervised Tracking and Reconstruction of Rigid Objects in Motion With Neural Rendering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yuan_STaR_Self-Supervised_Tracking_and_Reconstruction_of_Rigid_Objects_in_Motion_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Generalization on Unseen Domains via Inference-Time Label-Preserving Target Projections
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Pandey_Generalization_on_Unseen_Domains_via_Inference-Time_Label-Preserving_Target_Projections_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Communication Efficient SGD via Gradient Sampling With Bayes Prior
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Song_Communication_Efficient_SGD_via_Gradient_Sampling_With_Bayes_Prior_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
VirFace: Enhancing Face Recognition via Unlabeled Shallow Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_VirFace_Enhancing_Face_Recognition_via_Unlabeled_Shallow_Data_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Visualizing Adapted Knowledge in Domain Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hou_Visualizing_Adapted_Knowledge_in_Domain_Transfer_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
S3: Neural Shape, Skeleton, and Skinning Fields for 3D Human Modeling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_S3_Neural_Shape_Skeleton_and_Skinning_Fields_for_3D_Human_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MIST: Multiple Instance Self-Training Framework for Video Anomaly Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Feng_MIST_Multiple_Instance_Self-Training_Framework_for_Video_Anomaly_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Bottom-Up Human Pose Estimation via Disentangled Keypoint Regression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Geng_Bottom-Up_Human_Pose_Estimation_via_Disentangled_Keypoint_Regression_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
CoMoGAN: Continuous Model-Guided Image-to-Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Pizzati_CoMoGAN_Continuous_Model-Guided_Image-to-Image_Translation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Video Hashing via Bidirectional Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Self-Supervised_Video_Hashing_via_Bidirectional_Transformers_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Safe Local Motion Planning With Self-Supervised Freespace Forecasting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hu_Safe_Local_Motion_Planning_With_Self-Supervised_Freespace_Forecasting_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Camera-Space Hand Mesh Recovery via Semantic Aggregation and Adaptive 2D-1D Registration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Camera-Space_Hand_Mesh_Recovery_via_Semantic_Aggregation_and_Adaptive_2D-1D_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DRANet: Disentangling Representation and Adaptation Networks for Unsupervised Cross-Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lee_DRANet_Disentangling_Representation_and_Adaptation_Networks_for_Unsupervised_Cross-Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Decoding Deraining Network and Quasi-Sparsity Based Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Multi-Decoding_Deraining_Network_and_Quasi-Sparsity_Based_Training_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Open-Vocabulary Object Detection Using Captions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zareian_Open-Vocabulary_Object_Detection_Using_Captions_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Unveiling the Potential of Structure Preserving for Weakly Supervised Object Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Pan_Unveiling_the_Potential_of_Structure_Preserving_for_Weakly_Supervised_Object_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Dual-Stream Multiple Instance Learning Network for Whole Slide Image Classification With Self-Supervised Contrastive Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Dual-Stream_Multiple_Instance_Learning_Network_for_Whole_Slide_Image_Classification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
When Human Pose Estimation Meets Robustness: Adversarial Algorithms and Benchmarks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_When_Human_Pose_Estimation_Meets_Robustness_Adversarial_Algorithms_and_Benchmarks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
ReMix: Towards Image-to-Image Translation With Limited Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cao_ReMix_Towards_Image-to-Image_Translation_With_Limited_Data_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DeepACG: Co-Saliency Detection via Semantic-Aware Contrast Gromov-Wasserstein Distance
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_DeepACG_Co-Saliency_Detection_via_Semantic-Aware_Contrast_Gromov-Wasserstein_Distance_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Rich Features for Perceptual Quality Assessment of UGC Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Rich_Features_for_Perceptual_Quality_Assessment_of_UGC_Videos_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Stable View Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Riegler_Stable_View_Synthesis_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Rethinking Style Transfer: From Pixels to Parameterized Brushstrokes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kotovenko_Rethinking_Style_Transfer_From_Pixels_to_Parameterized_Brushstrokes_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Quantum Permutation Synchronization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Birdal_Quantum_Permutation_Synchronization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MagFace: A Universal Representation for Face Recognition and Quality Assessment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Meng_MagFace_A_Universal_Representation_for_Face_Recognition_and_Quality_Assessment_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Hyperbolic Metric Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yan_Unsupervised_Hyperbolic_Metric_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Incremental Learning With Continually Evolved Classifiers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Few-Shot_Incremental_Learning_With_Continually_Evolved_Classifiers_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
ArtEmis: Affective Language for Visual Art
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Achlioptas_ArtEmis_Affective_Language_for_Visual_Art_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Normal Dynamics in Videos With Meta Prototype Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lv_Learning_Normal_Dynamics_in_Videos_With_Meta_Prototype_Network_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Graph-Based High-Order Relation Discovery for Fine-Grained Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhao_Graph-Based_High-Order_Relation_Discovery_for_Fine-Grained_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
NPAS: A Compiler-Aware Framework of Unified Network Pruning and Architecture Search for Beyond Real-Time Mobile Acceleration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_NPAS_A_Compiler-Aware_Framework_of_Unified_Network_Pruning_and_Architecture_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Single Image Reflection Removal With Absorption Effect
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zheng_Single_Image_Reflection_Removal_With_Absorption_Effect_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SimPLE: Similar Pseudo Label Exploitation for Semi-Supervised Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hu_SimPLE_Similar_Pseudo_Label_Exploitation_for_Semi-Supervised_Classification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Context-Aware Layout to Image Generation With Enhanced Object Appearance
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/He_Context-Aware_Layout_to_Image_Generation_With_Enhanced_Object_Appearance_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Cuboids Revisited: Learning Robust 3D Shape Fitting to Single RGB Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kluger_Cuboids_Revisited_Learning_Robust_3D_Shape_Fitting_to_Single_RGB_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Attention-Guided Image Compression by Deep Reconstruction of Compressive Sensed Saliency Skeleton
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Attention-Guided_Image_Compression_by_Deep_Reconstruction_of_Compressive_Sensed_Saliency_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Cluster-Wise Hierarchical Generative Model for Deep Amortized Clustering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Cluster-Wise_Hierarchical_Generative_Model_for_Deep_Amortized_Clustering_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Reciprocal Transformations for Unsupervised Video Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ren_Reciprocal_Transformations_for_Unsupervised_Video_Object_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Panoptic Segmentation Forecasting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Graber_Panoptic_Segmentation_Forecasting_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SuperMix: Supervising the Mixing Data Augmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Dabouei_SuperMix_Supervising_the_Mixing_Data_Augmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Inception Convolution With Efficient Dilation Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Inception_Convolution_With_Efficient_Dilation_Search_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Connecting What To Say With Where To Look by Modeling Human Attention Traces
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Meng_Connecting_What_To_Say_With_Where_To_Look_by_Modeling_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Ensembling With Deep Generative Views
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chai_Ensembling_With_Deep_Generative_Views_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Accurate Few-Shot Object Detection With Support-Query Mutual Guidance and Hybrid Loss
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Accurate_Few-Shot_Object_Detection_With_Support-Query_Mutual_Guidance_and_Hybrid_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Toward Accurate and Realistic Outfits Visualization With Attention to Details
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Toward_Accurate_and_Realistic_Outfits_Visualization_With_Attention_to_Details_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Delving Deep Into Many-to-Many Attention for Few-Shot Video Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Delving_Deep_Into_Many-to-Many_Attention_for_Few-Shot_Video_Object_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Group Collaborative Learning for Co-Salient Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Fan_Group_Collaborative_Learning_for_Co-Salient_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
RobustNet: Improving Domain Generalization in Urban-Scene Segmentation via Instance Selective Whitening
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Choi_RobustNet_Improving_Domain_Generalization_in_Urban-Scene_Segmentation_via_Instance_Selective_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Pre-Trained Image Processing Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Pre-Trained_Image_Processing_Transformer_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Panoptic-PolarNet: Proposal-Free LiDAR Point Cloud Panoptic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhou_Panoptic-PolarNet_Proposal-Free_LiDAR_Point_Cloud_Panoptic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Sparse R-CNN: End-to-End Object Detection With Learnable Proposals
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sun_Sparse_R-CNN_End-to-End_Object_Detection_With_Learnable_Proposals_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Conditional Bures Metric for Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Luo_Conditional_Bures_Metric_for_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised 3D Hand-Object Poses Estimation With Interactions in Time
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Semi-Supervised_3D_Hand-Object_Poses_Estimation_With_Interactions_in_Time_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Digital Gimbal: End-to-End Deep Image Stabilization With Learnable Exposure Times
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Dahary_Digital_Gimbal_End-to-End_Deep_Image_Stabilization_With_Learnable_Exposure_Times_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Rethinking Text Segmentation: A Novel Dataset and a Text-Specific Refinement Approach
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xu_Rethinking_Text_Segmentation_A_Novel_Dataset_and_a_Text-Specific_Refinement_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Privacy-Preserving Image Features via Adversarial Affine Subspace Embeddings
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Dusmanu_Privacy-Preserving_Image_Features_via_Adversarial_Affine_Subspace_Embeddings_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
STMTrack: Template-Free Visual Tracking With Space-Time Memory Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Fu_STMTrack_Template-Free_Visual_Tracking_With_Space-Time_Memory_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Audio-Driven Emotional Video Portraits
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ji_Audio-Driven_Emotional_Video_Portraits_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Pareto Self-Supervised Training for Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Pareto_Self-Supervised_Training_for_Few-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
EnD: Entangling and Disentangling Deep Representations for Bias Correction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tartaglione_EnD_Entangling_and_Disentangling_Deep_Representations_for_Bias_Correction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Sequence-to-Sequence Contrastive Learning for Text Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Aberdam_Sequence-to-Sequence_Contrastive_Learning_for_Text_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Deep Latent Variable Models by Short-Run MCMC Inference With Optimal Transport Correction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/An_Learning_Deep_Latent_Variable_Models_by_Short-Run_MCMC_Inference_With_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Geometric Perception
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_Self-Supervised_Geometric_Perception_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
UnrealPerson: An Adaptive Pipeline Towards Costless Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_UnrealPerson_An_Adaptive_Pipeline_Towards_Costless_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
House-GAN++: Generative Adversarial Layout Refinement Network towards Intelligent Computational Agent for Professional Architects
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Nauata_House-GAN_Generative_Adversarial_Layout_Refinement_Network_towards_Intelligent_Computational_Agent_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Probabilistic Tracklet Scoring and Inpainting for Multiple Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Saleh_Probabilistic_Tracklet_Scoring_and_Inpainting_for_Multiple_Object_Tracking_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
GLAVNet: Global-Local Audio-Visual Cues for Fine-Grained Material Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Shi_GLAVNet_Global-Local_Audio-Visual_Cues_for_Fine-Grained_Material_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Populating 3D Scenes by Learning Human-Scene Interaction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hassan_Populating_3D_Scenes_by_Learning_Human-Scene_Interaction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Variational Pedestrian Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Variational_Pedestrian_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Causal Hidden Markov Model for Time Series Disease Forecasting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Causal_Hidden_Markov_Model_for_Time_Series_Disease_Forecasting_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Focus on Local: Detecting Lane Marker From Bottom Up via Key Point
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Qu_Focus_on_Local_Detecting_Lane_Marker_From_Bottom_Up_via_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Scene-Aware Generative Network for Human Motion Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Scene-Aware_Generative_Network_for_Human_Motion_Synthesis_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PixMatch: Unsupervised Domain Adaptation via Pixelwise Consistency Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Melas-Kyriazi_PixMatch_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_via_Pixelwise_Consistency_Training_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Variational Prototype Learning for Deep Face Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Deng_Variational_Prototype_Learning_for_Deep_Face_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Optimal Quantization Using Scaled Codebook
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Idelbayev_Optimal_Quantization_Using_Scaled_Codebook_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
RPN Prototype Alignment for Domain Adaptive Object Detector
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_RPN_Prototype_Alignment_for_Domain_Adaptive_Object_Detector_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Binary TTC: A Temporal Geofence for Autonomous Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Badki_Binary_TTC_A_Temporal_Geofence_for_Autonomous_Navigation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Interpretable Social Anchors for Human Trajectory Forecasting in Crowds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kothari_Interpretable_Social_Anchors_for_Human_Trajectory_Forecasting_in_Crowds_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Trajectory Prediction With Latent Belief Energy-Based Model
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Pang_Trajectory_Prediction_With_Latent_Belief_Energy-Based_Model_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Coordinate Attention for Efficient Mobile Network Design
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hou_Coordinate_Attention_for_Efficient_Mobile_Network_Design_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Intentonomy: A Dataset and Study Towards Human Intent Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jia_Intentonomy_A_Dataset_and_Study_Towards_Human_Intent_Understanding_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
End-to-End Rotation Averaging With Multi-Source Propagation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_End-to-End_Rotation_Averaging_With_Multi-Source_Propagation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Anticipating Human Actions by Correlating Past With the Future With Jaccard Similarity Measures
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Fernando_Anticipating_Human_Actions_by_Correlating_Past_With_the_Future_With_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
A 3D GAN for Improved Large-Pose Facial Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Marriott_A_3D_GAN_for_Improved_Large-Pose_Facial_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
TesseTrack: End-to-End Learnable Multi-Person Articulated 3D Pose Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Reddy_TesseTrack_End-to-End_Learnable_Multi-Person_Articulated_3D_Pose_Tracking_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
HVPR: Hybrid Voxel-Point Representation for Single-Stage 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Noh_HVPR_Hybrid_Voxel-Point_Representation_for_Single-Stage_3D_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SOE-Net: A Self-Attention and Orientation Encoding Network for Point Cloud Based Place Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xia_SOE-Net_A_Self-Attention_and_Orientation_Encoding_Network_for_Point_Cloud_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
KeypointDeformer: Unsupervised 3D Keypoint Discovery for Shape Control
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jakab_KeypointDeformer_Unsupervised_3D_Keypoint_Discovery_for_Shape_Control_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
A2-FPN: Attention Aggregation Based Feature Pyramid Network for Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hu_A2-FPN_Attention_Aggregation_Based_Feature_Pyramid_Network_for_Instance_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Simultaneously Localize, Segment and Rank the Camouflaged Objects
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lv_Simultaneously_Localize_Segment_and_Rank_the_Camouflaged_Objects_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DeepVideoMVS: Multi-View Stereo on Video With Recurrent Spatio-Temporal Fusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Duzceker_DeepVideoMVS_Multi-View_Stereo_on_Video_With_Recurrent_Spatio-Temporal_Fusion_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Accurate Text-Based Image Captioning With Content Diversity Exploration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xu_Towards_Accurate_Text-Based_Image_Captioning_With_Content_Diversity_Exploration_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Relevance-CAM: Your Model Already Knows Where To Look
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lee_Relevance-CAM_Your_Model_Already_Knows_Where_To_Look_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Boundary IoU: Improving Object-Centric Image Segmentation Evaluation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cheng_Boundary_IoU_Improving_Object-Centric_Image_Segmentation_Evaluation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
POSEFusion: Pose-Guided Selective Fusion for Single-View Human Volumetric Capture
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_POSEFusion_Pose-Guided_Selective_Fusion_for_Single-View_Human_Volumetric_Capture_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Continuous Face Aging via Self-Estimated Residual Age Embedding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Continuous_Face_Aging_via_Self-Estimated_Residual_Age_Embedding_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Jigsaw Clustering for Unsupervised Visual Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Jigsaw_Clustering_for_Unsupervised_Visual_Representation_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Square Root Bundle Adjustment for Large-Scale Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Demmel_Square_Root_Bundle_Adjustment_for_Large-Scale_Reconstruction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PatchMatch-Based Neighborhood Consensus for Semantic Correspondence
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lee_PatchMatch-Based_Neighborhood_Consensus_for_Semantic_Correspondence_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Representative Forgery Mining for Fake Face Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Representative_Forgery_Mining_for_Fake_Face_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Look Closer To Segment Better: Boundary Patch Refinement for Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tang_Look_Closer_To_Segment_Better_Boundary_Patch_Refinement_for_Instance_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
ChallenCap: Monocular 3D Capture of Challenging Human Performances Using Multi-Modal References
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/He_ChallenCap_Monocular_3D_Capture_of_Challenging_Human_Performances_Using_Multi-Modal_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Hallucination Improves Few-Shot Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Hallucination_Improves_Few-Shot_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Efficient Conditional GAN Transfer With Knowledge Propagation Across Classes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Shahbazi_Efficient_Conditional_GAN_Transfer_With_Knowledge_Propagation_Across_Classes_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Fully Convolutional Scene Graph Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Fully_Convolutional_Scene_Graph_Generation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Sparse Multi-Path Corrections in Fringe Projection Profilometry
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Sparse_Multi-Path_Corrections_in_Fringe_Projection_Profilometry_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Energy-Based Learning for Scene Graph Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Suhail_Energy-Based_Learning_for_Scene_Graph_Generation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
UV-Net: Learning From Boundary Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jayaraman_UV-Net_Learning_From_Boundary_Representations_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MAZE: Data-Free Model Stealing Attack Using Zeroth-Order Gradient Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kariyappa_MAZE_Data-Free_Model_Stealing_Attack_Using_Zeroth-Order_Gradient_Estimation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Prototypical Cross-Domain Self-Supervised Learning for Few-Shot Unsupervised Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yue_Prototypical_Cross-Domain_Self-Supervised_Learning_for_Few-Shot_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DCNAS: Densely Connected Neural Architecture Search for Semantic Image Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_DCNAS_Densely_Connected_Neural_Architecture_Search_for_Semantic_Image_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
StyleSpace Analysis: Disentangled Controls for StyleGAN Image Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wu_StyleSpace_Analysis_Disentangled_Controls_for_StyleGAN_Image_Generation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Rethinking the Heatmap Regression for Bottom-Up Human Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Luo_Rethinking_the_Heatmap_Regression_for_Bottom-Up_Human_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
From Semantic Categories to Fixations: A Novel Weakly-Supervised Visual-Auditory Saliency Detection Approach
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_From_Semantic_Categories_to_Fixations_A_Novel_Weakly-Supervised_Visual-Auditory_Saliency_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
High-Fidelity Face Tracking for AR/VR via Deep Lighting Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_High-Fidelity_Face_Tracking_for_ARVR_via_Deep_Lighting_Adaptation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Positional Encoding As Spatial Inductive Bias in GANs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xu_Positional_Encoding_As_Spatial_Inductive_Bias_in_GANs_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Nighttime Visibility Enhancement by Increasing the Dynamic Range and Suppression of Light Effects
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sharma_Nighttime_Visibility_Enhancement_by_Increasing_the_Dynamic_Range_and_Suppression_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Augmentation Consistency for Adapting Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Araslanov_Self-Supervised_Augmentation_Consistency_for_Adapting_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Patch-VQ: &#x27;Patching Up&#x27; the Video Quality Problem
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ying_Patch-VQ_Patching_Up_the_Video_Quality_Problem_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Towards High Fidelity Face Relighting With Realistic Shadows
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hou_Towards_High_Fidelity_Face_Relighting_With_Realistic_Shadows_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-View Multi-Person 3D Pose Estimation With Plane Sweep Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lin_Multi-View_Multi-Person_3D_Pose_Estimation_With_Plane_Sweep_Stereo_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Progressive Semantic-Aware Style Transformation for Blind Face Restoration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Progressive_Semantic-Aware_Style_Transformation_for_Blind_Face_Restoration_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Repetitive Activity Counting by Sight and Sound
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Repetitive_Activity_Counting_by_Sight_and_Sound_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Multi-Source Domain Adaptation for Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bai_Unsupervised_Multi-Source_Domain_Adaptation_for_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Boosting Video Representation Learning With Multi-Faceted Integration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Qiu_Boosting_Video_Representation_Learning_With_Multi-Faceted_Integration_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
3D Graph Anatomy Geometry-Integrated Network for Pancreatic Mass Segmentation, Diagnosis, and Quantitative Patient Management
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhao_3D_Graph_Anatomy_Geometry-Integrated_Network_for_Pancreatic_Mass_Segmentation_Diagnosis_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
GIRAFFE: Representing Scenes As Compositional Generative Neural Feature Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Niemeyer_GIRAFFE_Representing_Scenes_As_Compositional_Generative_Neural_Feature_Fields_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Dual-GAN: Joint BVP and Noise Modeling for Remote Physiological Measurement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lu_Dual-GAN_Joint_BVP_and_Noise_Modeling_for_Remote_Physiological_Measurement_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Audio-Visual Instance Discrimination with Cross-Modal Agreement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Morgado_Audio-Visual_Instance_Discrimination_with_Cross-Modal_Agreement_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DyGLIP: A Dynamic Graph Model With Link Prediction for Accurate Multi-Camera Multiple Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Quach_DyGLIP_A_Dynamic_Graph_Model_With_Link_Prediction_for_Accurate_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
KSM: Fast Multiple Task Adaption via Kernel-Wise Soft Mask Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_KSM_Fast_Multiple_Task_Adaption_via_Kernel-Wise_Soft_Mask_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Rich Context Aggregation With Reflection Prior for Glass Surface Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lin_Rich_Context_Aggregation_With_Reflection_Prior_for_Glass_Surface_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
AutoInt: Automatic Integration for Fast Neural Volume Rendering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lindell_AutoInt_Automatic_Integration_for_Fast_Neural_Volume_Rendering_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Pose-Guided Human Animation From a Single Image in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yoon_Pose-Guided_Human_Animation_From_a_Single_Image_in_the_Wild_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Equivariant Point Network for 3D Point Cloud Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Equivariant_Point_Network_for_3D_Point_Cloud_Analysis_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Checkerboard Context Model for Efficient Learned Image Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/He_Checkerboard_Context_Model_for_Efficient_Learned_Image_Compression_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
ClassSR: A General Framework to Accelerate Super-Resolution Networks by Data Characteristic
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kong_ClassSR_A_General_Framework_to_Accelerate_Super-Resolution_Networks_by_Data_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Semantic Audio-Visual Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Semantic_Audio-Visual_Navigation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Efficient Initial Pose-Graph Generation for Global SfM
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Barath_Efficient_Initial_Pose-Graph_Generation_for_Global_SfM_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Neural Response Interpretation Through the Lens of Critical Pathways
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Khakzar_Neural_Response_Interpretation_Through_the_Lens_of_Critical_Pathways_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Cross-Domain Similarity Learning for Face Recognition in Unseen Domains
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Faraki_Cross-Domain_Similarity_Learning_for_Face_Recognition_in_Unseen_Domains_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Virtual Fully-Connected Layer: Training a Large-Scale Face Recognition Dataset With Limited Computational Resources
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Virtual_Fully-Connected_Layer_Training_a_Large-Scale_Face_Recognition_Dataset_With_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Person Implicit Reconstruction From a Single Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Mustafa_Multi-Person_Implicit_Reconstruction_From_a_Single_Image_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Bridge To Answer: Structure-Aware Graph Interaction Network for Video Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Park_Bridge_To_Answer_Structure-Aware_Graph_Interaction_Network_for_Video_Question_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Monte Carlo Scene Search for 3D Scene Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hampali_Monte_Carlo_Scene_Search_for_3D_Scene_Understanding_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Pre-Training for Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Fu_Unsupervised_Pre-Training_for_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Object Detection via Classification Refinement and Distractor Retreatment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Few-Shot_Object_Detection_via_Classification_Refinement_and_Distractor_Retreatment_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Behavior-Driven Synthesis of Human Dynamics
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Blattmann_Behavior-Driven_Synthesis_of_Human_Dynamics_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Recommend Frame for Interactive Video Object Segmentation in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yin_Learning_To_Recommend_Frame_for_Interactive_Video_Object_Segmentation_in_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Reconstructing 3D Human Pose by Watching Humans in the Mirror
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Fang_Reconstructing_3D_Human_Pose_by_Watching_Humans_in_the_Mirror_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Spk2ImgNet: Learning To Reconstruct Dynamic Scene From Continuous Spike Stream
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhao_Spk2ImgNet_Learning_To_Reconstruct_Dynamic_Scene_From_Continuous_Spike_Stream_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Complete &amp; Label: A Domain Adaptation Approach to Semantic Segmentation of LiDAR Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yi_Complete__Label_A_Domain_Adaptation_Approach_to_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Hierarchical Lovasz Embeddings for Proposal-Free Panoptic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kerola_Hierarchical_Lovasz_Embeddings_for_Proposal-Free_Panoptic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Variational Transformer Networks for Layout Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Arroyo_Variational_Transformer_Networks_for_Layout_Generation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SMPLicit: Topology-Aware Generative Model for Clothed People
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Corona_SMPLicit_Topology-Aware_Generative_Model_for_Clothed_People_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning View-Disentangled Human Pose Representation by Contrastive Cross-View Mutual Information Maximization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhao_Learning_View-Disentangled_Human_Pose_Representation_by_Contrastive_Cross-View_Mutual_Information_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
A Realistic Evaluation of Semi-Supervised Learning for Fine-Grained Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Su_A_Realistic_Evaluation_of_Semi-Supervised_Learning_for_Fine-Grained_Classification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Open-Set Recognition by Transformation Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jeong_Few-Shot_Open-Set_Recognition_by_Transformation_Consistency_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Landmark Regularization: Ranking Guided Super-Net Training in Neural Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yu_Landmark_Regularization_Ranking_Guided_Super-Net_Training_in_Neural_Architecture_Search_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Online Learning of a Probabilistic and Adaptive Scene Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yan_Online_Learning_of_a_Probabilistic_and_Adaptive_Scene_Representation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Cross-Iteration Batch Normalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yao_Cross-Iteration_Batch_Normalization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
3D Shape Generation With Grid-Based Implicit Functions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ibing_3D_Shape_Generation_With_Grid-Based_Implicit_Functions_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
FAIEr: Fidelity and Adequacy Ensured Image Caption Evaluation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_FAIEr_Fidelity_and_Adequacy_Ensured_Image_Caption_Evaluation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Hierarchical Video Prediction Using Relational Layouts for Human-Object Interactions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bodla_Hierarchical_Video_Prediction_Using_Relational_Layouts_for_Human-Object_Interactions_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
From Rain Generation to Rain Removal
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_From_Rain_Generation_to_Rain_Removal_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning From the Master: Distilling Cross-Modal Advanced Knowledge for Lip Reading
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ren_Learning_From_the_Master_Distilling_Cross-Modal_Advanced_Knowledge_for_Lip_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Spatially-Varying Outdoor Lighting Estimation From Intrinsics
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhu_Spatially-Varying_Outdoor_Lighting_Estimation_From_Intrinsics_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
VITON-HD: High-Resolution Virtual Try-On via Misalignment-Aware Normalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Choi_VITON-HD_High-Resolution_Virtual_Try-On_via_Misalignment-Aware_Normalization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
LightTrack: Finding Lightweight Neural Networks for Object Tracking via One-Shot Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yan_LightTrack_Finding_Lightweight_Neural_Networks_for_Object_Tracking_via_One-Shot_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Prototypical Pseudo Label Denoising and Target Structure Learning for Domain Adaptive Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Prototypical_Pseudo_Label_Denoising_and_Target_Structure_Learning_for_Domain_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Real-World Image Super Resolution via Domain-Distance Aware Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wei_Unsupervised_Real-World_Image_Super_Resolution_via_Domain-Distance_Aware_Training_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Feature Learning by Cross-Level Instance-Group Discrimination
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Unsupervised_Feature_Learning_by_Cross-Level_Instance-Group_Discrimination_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Personalized Outfit Recommendation With Learnable Anchors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lu_Personalized_Outfit_Recommendation_With_Learnable_Anchors_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Scale Aligned Distillation for Low-Resolution Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Qi_Multi-Scale_Aligned_Distillation_for_Low-Resolution_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Active Surface Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wickramasinghe_Deep_Active_Surface_Models_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Adaptive Cross-Modal Prototypes for Cross-Domain Visual-Language Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Adaptive_Cross-Modal_Prototypes_for_Cross-Domain_Visual-Language_Retrieval_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SetVAE: Learning Hierarchical Composition for Generative Modeling of Set-Structured Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kim_SetVAE_Learning_Hierarchical_Composition_for_Generative_Modeling_of_Set-Structured_Data_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
CFNet: Cascade and Fused Cost Volume for Robust Stereo Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Shen_CFNet_Cascade_and_Fused_Cost_Volume_for_Robust_Stereo_Matching_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
LiDAR-Based Panoptic Segmentation via Dynamic Shifting Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hong_LiDAR-Based_Panoptic_Segmentation_via_Dynamic_Shifting_Network_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SiamMOT: Siamese Multi-Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Shuai_SiamMOT_Siamese_Multi-Object_Tracking_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MUST-GAN: Multi-Level Statistics Transfer for Self-Driven Person Image Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ma_MUST-GAN_Multi-Level_Statistics_Transfer_for_Self-Driven_Person_Image_Generation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Aligned Video Deraining With Transmission-Depth Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yan_Self-Aligned_Video_Deraining_With_Transmission-Depth_Consistency_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Action Shuffle Alternating Learning for Unsupervised Action Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Action_Shuffle_Alternating_Learning_for_Unsupervised_Action_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Mutual Graph Learning for Camouflaged Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhai_Mutual_Graph_Learning_for_Camouflaged_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Involution: Inverting the Inherence of Convolution for Visual Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Involution_Inverting_the_Inherence_of_Convolution_for_Visual_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Lesion Tracker: Monitoring Lesions in 4D Longitudinal Imaging Studies
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cai_Deep_Lesion_Tracker_Monitoring_Lesions_in_4D_Longitudinal_Imaging_Studies_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Extremely Compact RNNs for Video Recognition With Fully Decomposed Hierarchical Tucker Structure
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yin_Towards_Extremely_Compact_RNNs_for_Video_Recognition_With_Fully_Decomposed_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
A Quasiconvex Formulation for Radial Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Olsson_A_Quasiconvex_Formulation_for_Radial_Cameras_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
BRepNet: A Topological Message Passing System for Solid Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lambourne_BRepNet_A_Topological_Message_Passing_System_for_Solid_Models_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Predict Visual Attributes in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Pham_Learning_To_Predict_Visual_Attributes_in_the_Wild_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Generalized Focal Loss V2: Learning Reliable Localization Quality Estimation for Dense Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Generalized_Focal_Loss_V2_Learning_Reliable_Localization_Quality_Estimation_for_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
HITNet: Hierarchical Iterative Tile Refinement Network for Real-time Stereo Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tankovich_HITNet_Hierarchical_Iterative_Tile_Refinement_Network_for_Real-time_Stereo_Matching_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
AlphaMatch: Improving Consistency for Semi-Supervised Learning With Alpha-Divergence
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gong_AlphaMatch_Improving_Consistency_for_Semi-Supervised_Learning_With_Alpha-Divergence_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Unbalanced Feature Transport for Exemplar-Based Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhan_Unbalanced_Feature_Transport_for_Exemplar-Based_Image_Translation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Your &quot;Flamingo&quot; is My &quot;Bird&quot;: Fine-Grained, or Not
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chang_Your_Flamingo_is_My_Bird_Fine-Grained_or_Not_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SOON: Scenario Oriented Object Navigation With Graph-Based Exploration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhu_SOON_Scenario_Oriented_Object_Navigation_With_Graph-Based_Exploration_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Scalable lY=-Constrained Near-Lossless Image Compression via Joint Lossy Image and Residual Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bai_Learning_Scalable_lY-Constrained_Near-Lossless_Image_Compression_via_Joint_Lossy_Image_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Robust Reflection Removal With Reflection-Free Flash-Only Cues
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lei_Robust_Reflection_Removal_With_Reflection-Free_Flash-Only_Cues_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Real-Time Selfie Video Stabilization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yu_Real-Time_Selfie_Video_Stabilization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Rank-One Prior: Toward Real-Time Scene Recovery
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Rank-One_Prior_Toward_Real-Time_Scene_Recovery_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Body2Hands: Learning To Infer 3D Hands From Conversational Gesture Body Dynamics
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ng_Body2Hands_Learning_To_Infer_3D_Hands_From_Conversational_Gesture_Body_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Wide-Baseline Multi-Camera Calibration Using Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xu_Wide-Baseline_Multi-Camera_Calibration_Using_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning by Watching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Learning_by_Watching_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Efficient Object Embedding for Spliced Image Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Efficient_Object_Embedding_for_Spliced_Image_Retrieval_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Projecting Your View Attentively: Monocular Road Scene Layout Estimation via Cross-View Transformation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_Projecting_Your_View_Attentively_Monocular_Road_Scene_Layout_Estimation_via_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Hierarchical and Partially Observable Goal-Driven Policy Learning With Goals Relational Graph
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ye_Hierarchical_and_Partially_Observable_Goal-Driven_Policy_Learning_With_Goals_Relational_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Point 4D Transformer Networks for Spatio-Temporal Modeling in Point Cloud Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Fan_Point_4D_Transformer_Networks_for_Spatio-Temporal_Modeling_in_Point_Cloud_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
CoCoNets: Continuous Contrastive 3D Scene Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lal_CoCoNets_Continuous_Contrastive_3D_Scene_Representations_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning View Selection for 3D Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sun_Learning_View_Selection_for_3D_Scenes_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
FESTA: Flow Estimation via Spatial-Temporal Attention for Scene Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_FESTA_Flow_Estimation_via_Spatial-Temporal_Attention_for_Scene_Point_Clouds_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
You Only Look One-Level Feature
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_You_Only_Look_One-Level_Feature_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Gaussian Context Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ruan_Gaussian_Context_Transformer_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Transferable Semantic Augmentation for Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Transferable_Semantic_Augmentation_for_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
No Frame Left Behind: Full Video Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_No_Frame_Left_Behind_Full_Video_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Tree-Like Decision Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Song_Tree-Like_Decision_Distillation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Watching You: Global-Guided Reciprocal Learning for Video-Based Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Watching_You_Global-Guided_Reciprocal_Learning_for_Video-Based_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Image Generators With Conditionally-Independent Pixel Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Anokhin_Image_Generators_With_Conditionally-Independent_Pixel_Synthesis_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PU-GCN: Point Cloud Upsampling Using Graph Convolutional Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Qian_PU-GCN_Point_Cloud_Upsampling_Using_Graph_Convolutional_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Improving Transferability of Adversarial Patches on Face Recognition With Generative Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xiao_Improving_Transferability_of_Adversarial_Patches_on_Face_Recognition_With_Generative_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Counterfactual VQA: A Cause-Effect Look at Language Bias
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Niu_Counterfactual_VQA_A_Cause-Effect_Look_at_Language_Bias_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Indoor Panorama Planar 3D Reconstruction via Divide and Conquer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sun_Indoor_Panorama_Planar_3D_Reconstruction_via_Divide_and_Conquer_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Scaling Local Self-Attention for Parameter Efficient Visual Backbones
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Vaswani_Scaling_Local_Self-Attention_for_Parameter_Efficient_Visual_Backbones_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Positive-Congruent Training: Towards Regression-Free Model Updates
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yan_Positive-Congruent_Training_Towards_Regression-Free_Model_Updates_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Neighbor2Neighbor: Self-Supervised Denoising From Single Noisy Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huang_Neighbor2Neighbor_Self-Supervised_Denoising_From_Single_Noisy_Images_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Dynamic Weighted Learning for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xiao_Dynamic_Weighted_Learning_for_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
FaceSec: A Fine-Grained Robustness Evaluation Framework for Face Recognition Systems
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tong_FaceSec_A_Fine-Grained_Robustness_Evaluation_Framework_for_Face_Recognition_Systems_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Shape From Sky: Polarimetric Normal Recovery Under the Sky
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ichikawa_Shape_From_Sky_Polarimetric_Normal_Recovery_Under_the_Sky_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Masksembles for Uncertainty Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Durasov_Masksembles_for_Uncertainty_Estimation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
ACTION-Net: Multipath Excitation for Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_ACTION-Net_Multipath_Excitation_for_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
EventZoom: Learning To Denoise and Super Resolve Neuromorphic Events
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Duan_EventZoom_Learning_To_Denoise_and_Super_Resolve_Neuromorphic_Events_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
CoCosNet v2: Full-Resolution Correspondence Learning for Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhou_CoCosNet_v2_Full-Resolution_Correspondence_Learning_for_Image_Translation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
A Fourier-Based Framework for Domain Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xu_A_Fourier-Based_Framework_for_Domain_Generalization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Probabilistic Modeling of Semantic Ambiguity for Scene Graph Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_Probabilistic_Modeling_of_Semantic_Ambiguity_for_Scene_Graph_Generation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Optimal Gradient Checkpoint Search for Arbitrary Computation Graphs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Feng_Optimal_Gradient_Checkpoint_Search_for_Arbitrary_Computation_Graphs_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Rectification-Based Knowledge Retention for Continual Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Singh_Rectification-Based_Knowledge_Retention_for_Continual_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Robust Classification Model by Counterfactual and Invariant Data Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chang_Towards_Robust_Classification_Model_by_Counterfactual_and_Invariant_Data_Generation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Benchmarking Representation Learning for Natural World Image Collections
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Van_Horn_Benchmarking_Representation_Learning_for_Natural_World_Image_Collections_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PGT: A Progressive Method for Training Models on Long Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Pang_PGT_A_Progressive_Method_for_Training_Models_on_Long_Videos_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Convolutional Neural Network Pruning With Structural Redundancy Reduction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Convolutional_Neural_Network_Pruning_With_Structural_Redundancy_Reduction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SCF-Net: Learning Spatial Contextual Features for Large-Scale Point Cloud Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Fan_SCF-Net_Learning_Spatial_Contextual_Features_for_Large-Scale_Point_Cloud_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
AGORA: Avatars in Geography Optimized for Regression Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Patel_AGORA_Avatars_in_Geography_Optimized_for_Regression_Analysis_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Exploring and Distilling Posterior and Prior Knowledge for Radiology Report Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Exploring_and_Distilling_Posterior_and_Prior_Knowledge_for_Radiology_Report_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Extreme Rotation Estimation Using Dense Correlation Volumes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cai_Extreme_Rotation_Estimation_Using_Dense_Correlation_Volumes_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Capsule Network Is Not More Robust Than Convolutional Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gu_Capsule_Network_Is_Not_More_Robust_Than_Convolutional_Network_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
End-to-End Human Object Interaction Detection With HOI Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zou_End-to-End_Human_Object_Interaction_Detection_With_HOI_Transformer_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
How Does Topology Influence Gradient Propagation and Model Performance of Deep Networks With DenseNet-Type Skip Connections?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bhardwaj_How_Does_Topology_Influence_Gradient_Propagation_and_Model_Performance_of_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Shot Temporal Event Localization: A Benchmark
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Multi-Shot_Temporal_Event_Localization_A_Benchmark_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Spatially-Adaptive Pixelwise Networks for Fast Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Shaham_Spatially-Adaptive_Pixelwise_Networks_for_Fast_Image_Translation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Anycost GANs for Interactive Image Synthesis and Editing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lin_Anycost_GANs_for_Interactive_Image_Synthesis_and_Editing_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Robust Audio-Visual Instance Discrimination
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Morgado_Robust_Audio-Visual_Instance_Discrimination_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Label Activity Recognition Using Activity-Specific Features and Activity Correlations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Multi-Label_Activity_Recognition_Using_Activity-Specific_Features_and_Activity_Correlations_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning High Fidelity Depths of Dressed Humans by Watching Social Media Dance Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jafarian_Learning_High_Fidelity_Depths_of_Dressed_Humans_by_Watching_Social_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Content-Aware GAN Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Content-Aware_GAN_Compression_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Tensor Low-Rank Prior for Hyperspectral Image Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Learning_Tensor_Low-Rank_Prior_for_Hyperspectral_Image_Reconstruction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Towards More Flexible and Accurate Object Tracking With Natural Language: Algorithms and Benchmark
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Towards_More_Flexible_and_Accurate_Object_Tracking_With_Natural_Language_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Iterative Shrinking for Referring Expression Grounding Using Deep Reinforcement Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sun_Iterative_Shrinking_for_Referring_Expression_Grounding_Using_Deep_Reinforcement_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Simulating Unknown Target Models for Query-Efficient Black-Box Attacks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ma_Simulating_Unknown_Target_Models_for_Query-Efficient_Black-Box_Attacks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PointAugmenting: Cross-Modal Augmentation for 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_PointAugmenting_Cross-Modal_Augmentation_for_3D_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Feature Aggregation for Deep 3D Morphable Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Learning_Feature_Aggregation_for_Deep_3D_Morphable_Models_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
There Is More Than Meets the Eye: Self-Supervised Multi-Object Detection and Tracking With Sound by Distilling Multimodal Knowledge
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Valverde_There_Is_More_Than_Meets_the_Eye_Self-Supervised_Multi-Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DeRF: Decomposed Radiance Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Rebain_DeRF_Decomposed_Radiance_Fields_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MR Image Super-Resolution With Squeeze and Excitation Reasoning Attention Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_MR_Image_Super-Resolution_With_Squeeze_and_Excitation_Reasoning_Attention_Network_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
(AF)2-S3Net: Attentive Feature Fusion With Adaptive Feature Selection for Sparse Semantic Segmentation Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cheng_AF2-S3Net_Attentive_Feature_Fusion_With_Adaptive_Feature_Selection_for_Sparse_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Track To Detect and Segment: An Online Multi-Object Tracker
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wu_Track_To_Detect_and_Segment_An_Online_Multi-Object_Tracker_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DISCO: Dynamic and Invariant Sensitive Channel Obfuscation for Deep Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Singh_DISCO_Dynamic_and_Invariant_Sensitive_Channel_Obfuscation_for_Deep_Neural_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Aggregate and Personalize 3D Face From In-the-Wild Photo Collection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Learning_To_Aggregate_and_Personalize_3D_Face_From_In-the-Wild_Photo_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Leveraging Line-Point Consistence To Preserve Structures for Wide Parallax Image Stitching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jia_Leveraging_Line-Point_Consistence_To_Preserve_Structures_for_Wide_Parallax_Image_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
3DIoUMatch: Leveraging IoU Prediction for Semi-Supervised 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_3DIoUMatch_Leveraging_IoU_Prediction_for_Semi-Supervised_3D_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Time Adaptive Recurrent Neural Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kag_Time_Adaptive_Recurrent_Neural_Network_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Neighborhood Normalization for Robust Geometric Feature Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Neighborhood_Normalization_for_Robust_Geometric_Feature_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Glance and Gaze: Inferring Action-Aware Points for One-Stage Human-Object Interaction Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhong_Glance_and_Gaze_Inferring_Action-Aware_Points_for_One-Stage_Human-Object_Interaction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Improving Unsupervised Image Clustering With Robust Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Park_Improving_Unsupervised_Image_Clustering_With_Robust_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SSLayout360: Semi-Supervised Indoor Layout Estimation From 360deg Panorama
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tran_SSLayout360_Semi-Supervised_Indoor_Layout_Estimation_From_360deg_Panorama_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SE-SSD: Self-Ensembling Single-Stage Object Detector From Point Cloud
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zheng_SE-SSD_Self-Ensembling_Single-Stage_Object_Detector_From_Point_Cloud_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Intra-Inter Camera Similarity for Unsupervised Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xuan_Intra-Inter_Camera_Similarity_for_Unsupervised_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Efficient Feature Transformations for Discriminative and Generative Continual Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Verma_Efficient_Feature_Transformations_for_Discriminative_and_Generative_Continual_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning a Self-Expressive Network for Subspace Clustering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Learning_a_Self-Expressive_Network_for_Subspace_Clustering_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
VisualVoice: Audio-Visual Speech Separation With Cross-Modal Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gao_VisualVoice_Audio-Visual_Speech_Separation_With_Cross-Modal_Consistency_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Nearest Neighbor Matching for Deep Clustering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Dang_Nearest_Neighbor_Matching_for_Deep_Clustering_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MOOD: Multi-Level Out-of-Distribution Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lin_MOOD_Multi-Level_Out-of-Distribution_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
RPSRNet: End-to-End Trainable Rigid Point Set Registration Network Using Barnes-Hut 2D-Tree Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ali_RPSRNet_End-to-End_Trainable_Rigid_Point_Set_Registration_Network_Using_Barnes-Hut_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Neural Geometric Level of Detail: Real-Time Rendering With Implicit 3D Shapes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Takikawa_Neural_Geometric_Level_of_Detail_Real-Time_Rendering_With_Implicit_3D_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
On Feature Normalization and Data Augmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_On_Feature_Normalization_and_Data_Augmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Spatial-Semantic Relationship for Facial Attribute Recognition With Limited Labeled Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Shu_Learning_Spatial-Semantic_Relationship_for_Facial_Attribute_Recognition_With_Limited_Labeled_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Motion Representations for Articulated Animation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Siarohin_Motion_Representations_for_Articulated_Animation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Center-Based 3D Object Detection and Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yin_Center-Based_3D_Object_Detection_and_Tracking_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Understanding and Simplifying Perceptual Distances
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Amir_Understanding_and_Simplifying_Perceptual_Distances_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
RepVGG: Making VGG-Style ConvNets Great Again
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ding_RepVGG_Making_VGG-Style_ConvNets_Great_Again_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MotionRNN: A Flexible Model for Video Prediction With Spacetime-Varying Motions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wu_MotionRNN_A_Flexible_Model_for_Video_Prediction_With_Spacetime-Varying_Motions_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Scale-Localized Abstract Reasoning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Benny_Scale-Localized_Abstract_Reasoning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Long-Tailed Multi-Label Visual Recognition by Collaborative Training on Uniform and Re-Balanced Samplings
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Guo_Long-Tailed_Multi-Label_Visual_Recognition_by_Collaborative_Training_on_Uniform_and_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Fair Feature Distillation for Visual Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jung_Fair_Feature_Distillation_for_Visual_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Scaled-YOLOv4: Scaling Cross Stage Partial Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Scaled-YOLOv4_Scaling_Cross_Stage_Partial_Network_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Knowledge Evolution in Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Taha_Knowledge_Evolution_in_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Wasserstein Pseudo-Labeling for Semi-Supervised Image Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Taherkhani_Self-Supervised_Wasserstein_Pseudo-Labeling_for_Semi-Supervised_Image_Classification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
i3DMM: Deep Implicit 3D Morphable Model of Human Heads
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yenamandra_i3DMM_Deep_Implicit_3D_Morphable_Model_of_Human_Heads_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Discovering Interpretable Latent Space Directions of GANs Beyond Binary Attributes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_Discovering_Interpretable_Latent_Space_Directions_of_GANs_Beyond_Binary_Attributes_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Blocks-World Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lee_Blocks-World_Cameras_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Detecting Human-Object Interaction via Fabricated Compositional Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hou_Detecting_Human-Object_Interaction_via_Fabricated_Compositional_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning by Planning: Language-Guided Global Image Editing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Shi_Learning_by_Planning_Language-Guided_Global_Image_Editing_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Bidirectional Projection Network for Cross Dimension Scene Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hu_Bidirectional_Projection_Network_for_Cross_Dimension_Scene_Understanding_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Event-Based Synthetic Aperture Imaging With a Hybrid Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Event-Based_Synthetic_Aperture_Imaging_With_a_Hybrid_Network_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Statistical Texture for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhu_Learning_Statistical_Texture_for_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
FP-NAS: Fast Probabilistic Neural Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yan_FP-NAS_Fast_Probabilistic_Neural_Architecture_Search_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
KRISP: Integrating Implicit and Symbolic Knowledge for Open-Domain Knowledge-Based VQA
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Marino_KRISP_Integrating_Implicit_and_Symbolic_Knowledge_for_Open-Domain_Knowledge-Based_VQA_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
LED2-Net: Monocular 360deg Layout Estimation via Differentiable Depth Rendering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_LED2-Net_Monocular_360deg_Layout_Estimation_via_Differentiable_Depth_Rendering_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Stage Aggregated Transformer Network for Temporal Language Localization in Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Multi-Stage_Aggregated_Transformer_Network_for_Temporal_Language_Localization_in_Videos_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Autoregressive Stylized Motion Synthesis With Generative Flow
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wen_Autoregressive_Stylized_Motion_Synthesis_With_Generative_Flow_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Adaptive Methods for Real-World Domain Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Dubey_Adaptive_Methods_for_Real-World_Domain_Generalization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Isometric Multi-Shape Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gao_Isometric_Multi-Shape_Matching_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Efficient Deformable Shape Correspondence via Multiscale Spectral Manifold Wavelets Preservation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hu_Efficient_Deformable_Shape_Correspondence_via_Multiscale_Spectral_Manifold_Wavelets_Preservation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
How Robust Are Randomized Smoothing Based Defenses to Data Poisoning?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Mehra_How_Robust_Are_Randomized_Smoothing_Based_Defenses_to_Data_Poisoning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Explore Image Deblurring via Encoded Blur Kernel Space
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tran_Explore_Image_Deblurring_via_Encoded_Blur_Kernel_Space_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Lipstick Ain&#x27;t Enough: Beyond Color Matching for In-the-Wild Makeup Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Nguyen_Lipstick_Aint_Enough_Beyond_Color_Matching_for_In-the-Wild_Makeup_Transfer_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Identify Correct 2D-2D Line Correspondences on Sphere
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Learning_To_Identify_Correct_2D-2D_Line_Correspondences_on_Sphere_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Neural Descent for Visual 3D Human Pose and Shape
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zanfir_Neural_Descent_for_Visual_3D_Human_Pose_and_Shape_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Transitional Adaptation of Pretrained Models for Visual Storytelling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yu_Transitional_Adaptation_of_Pretrained_Models_for_Visual_Storytelling_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Normalized Avatar Synthesis Using StyleGAN and Perceptual Refinement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Luo_Normalized_Avatar_Synthesis_Using_StyleGAN_and_Perceptual_Refinement_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Stage Progressive Image Restoration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zamir_Multi-Stage_Progressive_Image_Restoration_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PointNetLK Revisited
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_PointNetLK_Revisited_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Seeing Out of the Box: End-to-End Pre-Training for Vision-Language Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huang_Seeing_Out_of_the_Box_End-to-End_Pre-Training_for_Vision-Language_Representation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Quality-Agnostic Image Recognition via Invertible Decoder
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kim_Quality-Agnostic_Image_Recognition_via_Invertible_Decoder_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MP3: A Unified Model To Map, Perceive, Predict and Plan
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Casas_MP3_A_Unified_Model_To_Map_Perceive_Predict_and_Plan_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
The Translucent Patch: A Physical and Universal Attack on Object Detectors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zolfi_The_Translucent_Patch_A_Physical_and_Universal_Attack_on_Object_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Collision Handling via Generative 3D Garment Models for Virtual Try-On
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Santesteban_Self-Supervised_Collision_Handling_via_Generative_3D_Garment_Models_for_Virtual_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
High-Quality Stereo Image Restoration From Double Refraction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kim_High-Quality_Stereo_Image_Restoration_From_Double_Refraction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
CanonPose: Self-Supervised Monocular 3D Human Pose Estimation in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wandt_CanonPose_Self-Supervised_Monocular_3D_Human_Pose_Estimation_in_the_Wild_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Improving Weakly Supervised Visual Grounding by Contrastive Knowledge Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Improving_Weakly_Supervised_Visual_Grounding_by_Contrastive_Knowledge_Distillation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Radar-Camera Pixel Depth Association for Depth Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Long_Radar-Camera_Pixel_Depth_Association_for_Depth_Completion_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Improved Image Matting via Real-Time User Clicks and Uncertainty Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wei_Improved_Image_Matting_via_Real-Time_User_Clicks_and_Uncertainty_Estimation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
IMODAL: Creating Learnable User-Defined Deformation Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lacroix_IMODAL_Creating_Learnable_User-Defined_Deformation_Models_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Fast End-to-End Learning on Protein Surfaces
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sverrisson_Fast_End-to-End_Learning_on_Protein_Surfaces_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Person Re-Identification Using Heterogeneous Local Graph Attention Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Person_Re-Identification_Using_Heterogeneous_Local_Graph_Attention_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Instance Segmentation for Videos With Temporal Mask Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_Weakly_Supervised_Instance_Segmentation_for_Videos_With_Temporal_Mask_Consistency_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Heterogeneous Grid Convolution for Adaptive, Efficient, and Controllable Computation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hamaguchi_Heterogeneous_Grid_Convolution_for_Adaptive_Efficient_and_Controllable_Computation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Probabilistic Ordinal Embeddings for Uncertainty-Aware Regression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Learning_Probabilistic_Ordinal_Embeddings_for_Uncertainty-Aware_Regression_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
StyleMix: Separating Content and Style for Enhanced Data Augmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hong_StyleMix_Separating_Content_and_Style_for_Enhanced_Data_Augmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Kaleido-BERT: Vision-Language Pre-Training on Fashion Domain
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhuge_Kaleido-BERT_Vision-Language_Pre-Training_on_Fashion_Domain_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Understanding the Robustness of Skeleton-Based Action Recognition Under Adversarial Attack
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Understanding_the_Robustness_of_Skeleton-Based_Action_Recognition_Under_Adversarial_Attack_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Cross-MPI: Cross-Scale Stereo for Image Super-Resolution Using Multiplane Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhou_Cross-MPI_Cross-Scale_Stereo_for_Image_Super-Resolution_Using_Multiplane_Images_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Meta Pseudo Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Pham_Meta_Pseudo_Labels_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Depth Completion Using Plane-Residual Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lee_Depth_Completion_Using_Plane-Residual_Representation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
LaPred: Lane-Aware Prediction of Multi-Modal Future Trajectories of Dynamic Agents
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kim_LaPred_Lane-Aware_Prediction_of_Multi-Modal_Future_Trajectories_of_Dynamic_Agents_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Spoken Moments: Learning Joint Audio-Visual Representations From Video Descriptions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Monfort_Spoken_Moments_Learning_Joint_Audio-Visual_Representations_From_Video_Descriptions_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Indoor Lighting Estimation Using an Event Camera
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Indoor_Lighting_Estimation_Using_an_Event_Camera_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Sewer-ML: A Multi-Label Sewer Defect Classification Dataset and Benchmark
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Haurum_Sewer-ML_A_Multi-Label_Sewer_Defect_Classification_Dataset_and_Benchmark_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SpinNet: Learning a General Surface Descriptor for 3D Point Cloud Registration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ao_SpinNet_Learning_a_General_Surface_Descriptor_for_3D_Point_Cloud_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SOLD2: Self-Supervised Occlusion-Aware Line Description and Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Pautrat_SOLD2_Self-Supervised_Occlusion-Aware_Line_Description_and_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Cycle4Completion: Unpaired Point Cloud Completion Using Cycle Transformation With Missing Region Coding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wen_Cycle4Completion_Unpaired_Point_Cloud_Completion_Using_Cycle_Transformation_With_Missing_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
CGA-Net: Category Guided Aggregation for Point Cloud Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lu_CGA-Net_Category_Guided_Aggregation_for_Point_Cloud_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Neural Prototype Trees for Interpretable Fine-Grained Image Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Nauta_Neural_Prototype_Trees_for_Interpretable_Fine-Grained_Image_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Generalizing to the Open World: Deep Visual Odometry With Online Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Generalizing_to_the_Open_World_Deep_Visual_Odometry_With_Online_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PQA: Perceptual Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Qi_PQA_Perceptual_Question_Answering_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Birds of a Feather: Capturing Avian Shape Models From Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Birds_of_a_Feather_Capturing_Avian_Shape_Models_From_Images_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Inverse Simulation: Reconstructing Dynamic Geometry of Clothed Humans via Optimal Control
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Guo_Inverse_Simulation_Reconstructing_Dynamic_Geometry_of_Clothed_Humans_via_Optimal_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Rotation Equivariant Siamese Networks for Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gupta_Rotation_Equivariant_Siamese_Networks_for_Tracking_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Decision Trees Recurrently Through Communication
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Alaniz_Learning_Decision_Trees_Recurrently_Through_Communication_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PatchmatchNet: Learned Multi-View Patchmatch Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_PatchmatchNet_Learned_Multi-View_Patchmatch_Stereo_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Taming Transformers for High-Resolution Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Esser_Taming_Transformers_for_High-Resolution_Image_Synthesis_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning the Predictability of the Future
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Suris_Learning_the_Predictability_of_the_Future_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
RaScaNet: Learning Tiny Models by Raster-Scanning Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yoo_RaScaNet_Learning_Tiny_Models_by_Raster-Scanning_Images_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Reciprocal Landmark Detection and Tracking With Extremely Few Annotations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lin_Reciprocal_Landmark_Detection_and_Tracking_With_Extremely_Few_Annotations_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Removing the Background by Adding the Background: Towards Background Robust Self-Supervised Video Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Removing_the_Background_by_Adding_the_Background_Towards_Background_Robust_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DeepSurfels: Learning Online Appearance Fusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Mihajlovic_DeepSurfels_Learning_Online_Appearance_Fusion_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Exploiting Aliasing for Manga Restoration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xie_Exploiting_Aliasing_for_Manga_Restoration_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Relative Order Analysis and Optimization for Unsupervised Deep Metric Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kan_Relative_Order_Analysis_and_Optimization_for_Unsupervised_Deep_Metric_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Are Labels Always Necessary for Classifier Accuracy Evaluation?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Deng_Are_Labels_Always_Necessary_for_Classifier_Accuracy_Evaluation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
StablePose: Learning 6D Object Poses From Geometrically Stable Patches
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Shi_StablePose_Learning_6D_Object_Poses_From_Geometrically_Stable_Patches_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Interpolation-Based Semi-Supervised Learning for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jeong_Interpolation-Based_Semi-Supervised_Learning_for_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Teachers Do More Than Teach: Compressing Image-to-Image Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jin_Teachers_Do_More_Than_Teach_Compressing_Image-to-Image_Models_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
3D Spatial Recognition Without Spatially Labeled 3D
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ren_3D_Spatial_Recognition_Without_Spatially_Labeled_3D_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Understanding Failures of Deep Networks via Robust Feature Extraction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Singla_Understanding_Failures_of_Deep_Networks_via_Robust_Feature_Extraction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Adaptive Image Transformer for One-Shot Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Adaptive_Image_Transformer_for_One-Shot_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Bilateral Grid Learning for Stereo Matching Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xu_Bilateral_Grid_Learning_for_Stereo_Matching_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Omni-Supervised Point Cloud Segmentation via Gradual Receptive Field Component Reasoning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gong_Omni-Supervised_Point_Cloud_Segmentation_via_Gradual_Receptive_Field_Component_Reasoning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
RSTNet: Captioning With Adaptive Attention on Visual and Non-Visual Words
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_RSTNet_Captioning_With_Adaptive_Attention_on_Visual_and_Non-Visual_Words_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Anomaly Detection in Video via Self-Supervised and Multi-Task Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Georgescu_Anomaly_Detection_in_Video_via_Self-Supervised_and_Multi-Task_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Multiresolution Knowledge Distillation for Anomaly Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Salehi_Multiresolution_Knowledge_Distillation_for_Anomaly_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Joint Learning of 3D Shape Retrieval and Deformation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Uy_Joint_Learning_of_3D_Shape_Retrieval_and_Deformation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Video Representation Learning by Context and Motion Decoupling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huang_Self-Supervised_Video_Representation_Learning_by_Context_and_Motion_Decoupling_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
ReAgent: Point Cloud Registration Using Imitation and Reinforcement Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bauer_ReAgent_Point_Cloud_Registration_Using_Imitation_and_Reinforcement_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Segmentation Without Meta-Learning: A Good Transductive Inference Is All You Need?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Boudiaf_Few-Shot_Segmentation_Without_Meta-Learning_A_Good_Transductive_Inference_Is_All_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Scene Text Telescope: Text-Focused Scene Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Scene_Text_Telescope_Text-Focused_Scene_Image_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Revamping Cross-Modal Recipe Retrieval With Hierarchical Transformers and Self-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Salvador_Revamping_Cross-Modal_Recipe_Retrieval_With_Hierarchical_Transformers_and_Self-Supervised_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Geo-FARM: Geodesic Factor Regression Model for Misaligned Pre-Shape Responses in Statistical Shape Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huang_Geo-FARM_Geodesic_Factor_Regression_Model_for_Misaligned_Pre-Shape_Responses_in_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
A Functional Approach to Rotation Equivariant Non-Linearities for Tensor Field Networks.
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Poulenard_A_Functional_Approach_to_Rotation_Equivariant_Non-Linearities_for_Tensor_Field_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Real-Time Sphere Sweeping Stereo From Multiview Fisheye Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Meuleman_Real-Time_Sphere_Sweeping_Stereo_From_Multiview_Fisheye_Images_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Black-Box Explanation of Object Detectors via Saliency Maps
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Petsiuk_Black-Box_Explanation_of_Object_Detectors_via_Saliency_Maps_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
GLEAN: Generative Latent Bank for Large-Factor Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chan_GLEAN_Generative_Latent_Bank_for_Large-Factor_Image_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Spatial Assembly Networks for Image Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Spatial_Assembly_Networks_for_Image_Representation_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SKFAC: Training Neural Networks With Faster Kronecker-Factored Approximate Curvature
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tang_SKFAC_Training_Neural_Networks_With_Faster_Kronecker-Factored_Approximate_Curvature_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Picasso: A CUDA-Based Library for Deep Learning Over 3D Meshes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lei_Picasso_A_CUDA-Based_Library_for_Deep_Learning_Over_3D_Meshes_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Student-Teacher Learning From Clean Inputs to Noisy Inputs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hong_Student-Teacher_Learning_From_Clean_Inputs_to_Noisy_Inputs_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Adversarial Invariant Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ye_Adversarial_Invariant_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Optical Flow From Still Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Aleotti_Learning_Optical_Flow_From_Still_Images_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Perceptual Preprocessing for Video Coding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chadha_Deep_Perceptual_Preprocessing_for_Video_Coding_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Introvert: Human Trajectory Prediction via Conditional 3D Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Shafiee_Introvert_Human_Trajectory_Prediction_via_Conditional_3D_Attention_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Wide-Depth-Range 6D Object Pose Estimation in Space
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hu_Wide-Depth-Range_6D_Object_Pose_Estimation_in_Space_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Optical Flow From a Few Matches
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jiang_Learning_Optical_Flow_From_a_Few_Matches_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DeepI2P: Image-to-Point Cloud Registration via Deep Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_DeepI2P_Image-to-Point_Cloud_Registration_via_Deep_Classification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Human-Like Controllable Image Captioning With Verb-Specific Semantic Roles
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Human-Like_Controllable_Image_Captioning_With_Verb-Specific_Semantic_Roles_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
How To Exploit the Transferability of Learned Image Compression to Conventional Codecs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Klopp_How_To_Exploit_the_Transferability_of_Learned_Image_Compression_to_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Harmonious Semantic Line Detection via Maximal Weight Clique Selection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jin_Harmonious_Semantic_Line_Detection_via_Maximal_Weight_Clique_Selection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Progressive Temporal Feature Alignment Network for Video Inpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zou_Progressive_Temporal_Feature_Alignment_Network_for_Video_Inpainting_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Bottleneck Transformers for Visual Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Srinivas_Bottleneck_Transformers_for_Visual_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Look Before You Leap: Learning Landmark Features for One-Stage Visual Grounding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huang_Look_Before_You_Leap_Learning_Landmark_Features_for_One-Stage_Visual_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SelfSAGCN: Self-Supervised Semantic Alignment for Graph Convolution Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_SelfSAGCN_Self-Supervised_Semantic_Alignment_for_Graph_Convolution_Network_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Localizing Visual Sounds the Hard Way
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Localizing_Visual_Sounds_the_Hard_Way_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Point-Flow: Self-Supervised Scene Flow Estimation From Point Clouds With Optimal Transport and Random Walk
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Self-Point-Flow_Self-Supervised_Scene_Flow_Estimation_From_Point_Clouds_With_Optimal_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Toward Joint Thing-and-Stuff Mining for Weakly Supervised Panoptic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Shen_Toward_Joint_Thing-and-Stuff_Mining_for_Weakly_Supervised_Panoptic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PointDSC: Robust Point Cloud Registration Using Deep Spatial Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bai_PointDSC_Robust_Point_Cloud_Registration_Using_Deep_Spatial_Consistency_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Wasserstein Barycenter for Multi-Source Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Montesuma_Wasserstein_Barycenter_for_Multi-Source_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Asynchronous and Sparse Human-Object Interaction in Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Morais_Learning_Asynchronous_and_Sparse_Human-Object_Interaction_in_Videos_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
One-Shot Neural Ensemble Architecture Search by Diversity-Guided Search Space Shrinking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_One-Shot_Neural_Ensemble_Architecture_Search_by_Diversity-Guided_Search_Space_Shrinking_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Disentangled Cycle Consistency for Highly-Realistic Virtual Try-On
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ge_Disentangled_Cycle_Consistency_for_Highly-Realistic_Virtual_Try-On_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Mirror3D: Depth Refinement for Mirror Surfaces
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tan_Mirror3D_Depth_Refinement_for_Mirror_Surfaces_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Propagate Yourself: Exploring Pixel-Level Consistency for Unsupervised Visual Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xie_Propagate_Yourself_Exploring_Pixel-Level_Consistency_for_Unsupervised_Visual_Representation_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Exploring Simple Siamese Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Exploring_Simple_Siamese_Representation_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
CAMERAS: Enhanced Resolution and Sanity Preserving Class Activation Mapping for Image Saliency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jalwana_CAMERAS_Enhanced_Resolution_and_Sanity_Preserving_Class_Activation_Mapping_for_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
AdderSR: Towards Energy Efficient Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Song_AdderSR_Towards_Energy_Efficient_Image_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MongeNet: Efficient Sampler for Geometric Deep Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lebrat_MongeNet_Efficient_Sampler_for_Geometric_Deep_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Robust and Accurate Object Detection via Adversarial Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Robust_and_Accurate_Object_Detection_via_Adversarial_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Layout-Guided Novel View Synthesis From a Single Indoor Panorama
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xu_Layout-Guided_Novel_View_Synthesis_From_a_Single_Indoor_Panorama_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Prototype-Supervised Adversarial Network for Targeted Attack of Deep Hashing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Prototype-Supervised_Adversarial_Network_for_Targeted_Attack_of_Deep_Hashing_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Progressive Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huynh_Progressive_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning the Best Pooling Strategy for Visual Semantic Embedding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Learning_the_Best_Pooling_Strategy_for_Visual_Semantic_Embedding_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Stylized Neural Painting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zou_Stylized_Neural_Painting_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
LASR: Learning Articulated Shape Reconstruction From a Monocular Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_LASR_Learning_Articulated_Shape_Reconstruction_From_a_Monocular_Video_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
No Shadow Left Behind: Removing Objects and Their Shadows Using Approximate Lighting and Geometry
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_No_Shadow_Left_Behind_Removing_Objects_and_Their_Shadows_Using_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Saliency-Guided Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jiang_Saliency-Guided_Image_Translation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
On Robustness and Transferability of Convolutional Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Djolonga_On_Robustness_and_Transferability_of_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Lucas-Kanade Homography for Multimodal Image Alignment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhao_Deep_Lucas-Kanade_Homography_for_Multimodal_Image_Alignment_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
clDice - A Novel Topology-Preserving Loss Function for Tubular Structure Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Shit_clDice_-_A_Novel_Topology-Preserving_Loss_Function_for_Tubular_Structure_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Zero-Shot Single Image Restoration Through Controlled Perturbation of Koschmieder&#x27;s Model
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kar_Zero-Shot_Single_Image_Restoration_Through_Controlled_Perturbation_of_Koschmieders_Model_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Tackling the Ill-Posedness of Super-Resolution Through Adaptive Target Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jo_Tackling_the_Ill-Posedness_of_Super-Resolution_Through_Adaptive_Target_Generation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Perception Matters: Detecting Perception Failures of VQA Models Using Metamorphic Testing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yuan_Perception_Matters_Detecting_Perception_Failures_of_VQA_Models_Using_Metamorphic_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Adversarial Imaging Pipelines
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Phan_Adversarial_Imaging_Pipelines_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Fostering Generalization in Single-View 3D Reconstruction by Learning a Hierarchy of Local and Global Shape Priors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bechtold_Fostering_Generalization_in_Single-View_3D_Reconstruction_by_Learning_a_Hierarchy_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Seeking the Shape of Sound: An Adaptive Framework for Learning Voice-Face Association
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wen_Seeking_the_Shape_of_Sound_An_Adaptive_Framework_for_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
The Spatially-Correlative Loss for Various Image Translation Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zheng_The_Spatially-Correlative_Loss_for_Various_Image_Translation_Tasks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
NeRD: Neural 3D Reflection Symmetry Detector
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhou_NeRD_Neural_3D_Reflection_Symmetry_Detector_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
CoLA: Weakly-Supervised Temporal Action Localization With Snippet Contrastive Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_CoLA_Weakly-Supervised_Temporal_Action_Localization_With_Snippet_Contrastive_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
End-to-End Object Detection With Fully Convolutional Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_End-to-End_Object_Detection_With_Fully_Convolutional_Network_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
IronMask: Modular Architecture for Protecting Deep Face Template
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kim_IronMask_Modular_Architecture_for_Protecting_Deep_Face_Template_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Video Salient Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhao_Weakly_Supervised_Video_Salient_Object_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Pixel-Wise Anomaly Detection in Complex Driving Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Di_Biase_Pixel-Wise_Anomaly_Detection_in_Complex_Driving_Scenes_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
A Dual Iterative Refinement Method for Non-Rigid Shape Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xiang_A_Dual_Iterative_Refinement_Method_for_Non-Rigid_Shape_Matching_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Residential Floor Plan Recognition and Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lv_Residential_Floor_Plan_Recognition_and_Reconstruction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Regularization Strategy for Point Cloud via Rigidly Mixed Sample
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lee_Regularization_Strategy_for_Point_Cloud_via_Rigidly_Mixed_Sample_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Domain Adaptation With Auxiliary Target Domain-Oriented Classifier
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liang_Domain_Adaptation_With_Auxiliary_Target_Domain-Oriented_Classifier_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
HLA-Face: Joint High-Low Adaptation for Low Light Face Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_HLA-Face_Joint_High-Low_Adaptation_for_Low_Light_Face_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DECOR-GAN: 3D Shape Detailization by Conditional Refinement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_DECOR-GAN_3D_Shape_Detailization_by_Conditional_Refinement_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Model-Aware Gesture-to-Gesture Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hu_Model-Aware_Gesture-to-Gesture_Translation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Ultra-High-Definition Image Dehazing via Multi-Guided Bilateral Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zheng_Ultra-High-Definition_Image_Dehazing_via_Multi-Guided_Bilateral_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Video Object Segmentation Using Global and Instance Embedding Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ge_Video_Object_Segmentation_Using_Global_and_Instance_Embedding_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Combining Semantic Guidance and Deep Reinforcement Learning for Generating Human Level Paintings
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Singh_Combining_Semantic_Guidance_and_Deep_Reinforcement_Learning_for_Generating_Human_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Event-Based Bispectral Photometry Using Temporally Modulated Illumination
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Takatani_Event-Based_Bispectral_Photometry_Using_Temporally_Modulated_Illumination_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Meta-Mining Discriminative Samples for Kinship Verification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Meta-Mining_Discriminative_Samples_for_Kinship_Verification_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
XProtoNet: Diagnosis in Chest Radiography With Global and Local Explanations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kim_XProtoNet_Diagnosis_in_Chest_Radiography_With_Global_and_Local_Explanations_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Visual Navigation With Spatial Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Mayo_Visual_Navigation_With_Spatial_Attention_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
OTCE: A Transferability Metric for Cross-Domain Cross-Task Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tan_OTCE_A_Transferability_Metric_for_Cross-Domain_Cross-Task_Representations_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Inverting Generative Adversarial Renderer for Face Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Piao_Inverting_Generative_Adversarial_Renderer_for_Face_Reconstruction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Generalizable Person Re-Identification With Relevance-Aware Mixture of Experts
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Dai_Generalizable_Person_Re-Identification_With_Relevance-Aware_Mixture_of_Experts_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Perspective LSTM for Joint Visual Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sepas-Moghaddam_Multi-Perspective_LSTM_for_Joint_Visual_Representation_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
ColorRL: Reinforced Coloring for End-to-End Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tuan_ColorRL_Reinforced_Coloring_for_End-to-End_Instance_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
LQF: Linear Quadratic Fine-Tuning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Achille_LQF_Linear_Quadratic_Fine-Tuning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
S3: Learnable Sparse Signal Superdensity for Guided Depth Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huang_S3_Learnable_Sparse_Signal_Superdensity_for_Guided_Depth_Estimation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Embedded Discriminative Attention Mechanism for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wu_Embedded_Discriminative_Attention_Mechanism_for_Weakly_Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
FrameExit: Conditional Early Exiting for Efficient Video Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ghodrati_FrameExit_Conditional_Early_Exiting_for_Efficient_Video_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Co-Attention for Conditioned Image Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wiles_Co-Attention_for_Conditioned_Image_Matching_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Spherical Confidence Learning for Face Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_Spherical_Confidence_Learning_for_Face_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
How Privacy-Preserving Are Line Clouds? Recovering Scene Details From 3D Lines
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chelani_How_Privacy-Preserving_Are_Line_Clouds_Recovering_Scene_Details_From_3D_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-View 3D Reconstruction of a Texture-Less Smooth Surface of Unknown Generic Reflectance
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cheng_Multi-View_3D_Reconstruction_of_a_Texture-Less_Smooth_Surface_of_Unknown_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Polarization Imaging for 3D Shape and SVBRDF Acquisition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Deschaintre_Deep_Polarization_Imaging_for_3D_Shape_and_SVBRDF_Acquisition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Continual Learning via Bit-Level Information Preserving
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Shi_Continual_Learning_via_Bit-Level_Information_Preserving_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
High-Fidelity and Arbitrary Face Editing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gao_High-Fidelity_and_Arbitrary_Face_Editing_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Unpaired Image-to-Image Translation via Latent Energy Transport
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhao_Unpaired_Image-to-Image_Translation_via_Latent_Energy_Transport_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Learning of Depth and Depth-of-Field Effect From Natural Images With Aperture Rendering Generative Adversarial Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kaneko_Unsupervised_Learning_of_Depth_and_Depth-of-Field_Effect_From_Natural_Images_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
The Lottery Tickets Hypothesis for Supervised and Self-Supervised Pre-Training in Computer Vision Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_The_Lottery_Tickets_Hypothesis_for_Supervised_and_Self-Supervised_Pre-Training_in_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Look Before You Speak: Visually Contextualized Utterances
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Seo_Look_Before_You_Speak_Visually_Contextualized_Utterances_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DivCo: Diverse Conditional Image Synthesis via Contrastive Generative Adversarial Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Liu_DivCo_Diverse_Conditional_Image_Synthesis_via_Contrastive_Generative_Adversarial_Network_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Gaussian Scale Mixture Prior for Spectral Compressive Imaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Huang_Deep_Gaussian_Scale_Mixture_Prior_for_Spectral_Compressive_Imaging_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Hyperdimensional Computing as a Framework for Systematic Aggregation of Image Descriptors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Neubert_Hyperdimensional_Computing_as_a_Framework_for_Systematic_Aggregation_of_Image_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PiCIE: Unsupervised Semantic Segmentation Using Invariance and Equivariance in Clustering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cho_PiCIE_Unsupervised_Semantic_Segmentation_Using_Invariance_and_Equivariance_in_Clustering_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
NormalFusion: Real-Time Acquisition of Surface Normals for High-Resolution RGB-D Scanning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ha_NormalFusion_Real-Time_Acquisition_of_Surface_Normals_for_High-Resolution_RGB-D_Scanning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
General Multi-Label Image Classification With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Lanchantin_General_Multi-Label_Image_Classification_With_Transformers_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Partial Feature Selection and Alignment for Multi-Source Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Fu_Partial_Feature_Selection_and_Alignment_for_Multi-Source_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
UAV-Human: A Large Benchmark for Human Behavior Understanding With Unmanned Aerial Vehicles
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Li_UAV-Human_A_Large_Benchmark_for_Human_Behavior_Understanding_With_Unmanned_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Diversifying Sample Generation for Accurate Data-Free Quantization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_Diversifying_Sample_Generation_for_Accurate_Data-Free_Quantization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
To the Point: Efficient 3D Object Detection in the Range Image With Graph Convolution Kernels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chai_To_the_Point_Efficient_3D_Object_Detection_in_the_Range_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Memory-Efficient Network for Large-Scale Video Compressive Sensing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Cheng_Memory-Efficient_Network_for_Large-Scale_Video_Compressive_Sensing_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
ViPNAS: Efficient Video Pose Estimation via Neural Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xu_ViPNAS_Efficient_Video_Pose_Estimation_via_Neural_Architecture_Search_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Amalgamating Knowledge From Heterogeneous Graph Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Jing_Amalgamating_Knowledge_From_Heterogeneous_Graph_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
DANNet: A One-Stage Domain Adaptation Network for Unsupervised Nighttime Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wu_DANNet_A_One-Stage_Domain_Adaptation_Network_for_Unsupervised_Nighttime_Semantic_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
See Through Gradients: Image Batch Recovery via GradInversion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yin_See_Through_Gradients_Image_Batch_Recovery_via_GradInversion_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
LPSNet: A Lightweight Solution for Fast Panoptic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hong_LPSNet_A_Lightweight_Solution_for_Fast_Panoptic_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Boosting Ensemble Accuracy by Revisiting Ensemble Diversity Metrics
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wu_Boosting_Ensemble_Accuracy_by_Revisiting_Ensemble_Diversity_Metrics_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Wasserstein Contrastive Representation Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Chen_Wasserstein_Contrastive_Representation_Distillation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PWCLO-Net: Deep LiDAR Odometry in 3D Point Clouds Using Hierarchical Embedding Mask Optimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_PWCLO-Net_Deep_LiDAR_Odometry_in_3D_Point_Clouds_Using_Hierarchical_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Camera Pose Matters: Improving Depth Prediction by Mitigating Pose Distribution Bias
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhao_Camera_Pose_Matters_Improving_Depth_Prediction_by_Mitigating_Pose_Distribution_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Graph Stacked Hourglass Networks for 3D Human Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Xu_Graph_Stacked_Hourglass_Networks_for_3D_Human_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Domain-Independent Dominance of Adaptive Methods
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Savarese_Domain-Independent_Dominance_of_Adaptive_Methods_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
SCALE: Modeling Clothed Humans with a Surface Codec of Articulated Local Elements
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ma_SCALE_Modeling_Clothed_Humans_with_a_Surface_Codec_of_Articulated_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Permute, Quantize, and Fine-Tune: Efficient Compression of Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Martinez_Permute_Quantize_and_Fine-Tune_Efficient_Compression_of_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Dense Label Encoding for Boundary Discontinuity Free Rotation Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_Dense_Label_Encoding_for_Boundary_Discontinuity_Free_Rotation_Detection_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Track, Check, Repeat: An EM Approach to Unsupervised Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Harley_Track_Check_Repeat_An_EM_Approach_to_Unsupervised_Tracking_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Divide-and-Conquer for Lane-Aware Diverse Trajectory Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Narayanan_Divide-and-Conquer_for_Lane-Aware_Diverse_Trajectory_Prediction_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Probabilistic 3D Human Shape and Pose Estimation From Multiple Unconstrained Images in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sengupta_Probabilistic_3D_Human_Shape_and_Pose_Estimation_From_Multiple_Unconstrained_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Exploring Data-Efficient 3D Scene Understanding With Contrastive Scene Contexts
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hou_Exploring_Data-Efficient_3D_Scene_Understanding_With_Contrastive_Scene_Contexts_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MetaHTR: Towards Writer-Adaptive Handwritten Text Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bhunia_MetaHTR_Towards_Writer-Adaptive_Handwritten_Text_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
PSRR-MaxpoolNMS: Pyramid Shifted MaxpoolNMS With Relationship Recovery
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_PSRR-MaxpoolNMS_Pyramid_Shifted_MaxpoolNMS_With_Relationship_Recovery_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Read and Attend: Temporal Localisation in Sign Language Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Varol_Read_and_Attend_Temporal_Localisation_in_Sign_Language_Videos_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
AutoDO: Robust AutoAugment for Biased Data With Label Noise via Scalable Probabilistic Implicit Differentiation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gudovskiy_AutoDO_Robust_AutoAugment_for_Biased_Data_With_Label_Noise_via_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Transformation of Common Actions Into Time and Space
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Yang_Few-Shot_Transformation_of_Common_Actions_Into_Time_and_Space_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
NeuralRecon: Real-Time Coherent 3D Reconstruction From Monocular Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Sun_NeuralRecon_Real-Time_Coherent_3D_Reconstruction_From_Monocular_Video_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Magic Layouts: Structural Prior for Component Detection in User Interface Designs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Manandhar_Magic_Layouts_Structural_Prior_for_Component_Detection_in_User_Interface_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MetaAlign: Coordinating Domain Alignment and Classification for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wei_MetaAlign_Coordinating_Domain_Alignment_and_Classification_for_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Hardness Sampling for Self-Training Based Transductive Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Bo_Hardness_Sampling_for_Self-Training_Based_Transductive_Zero-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
FBNetV3: Joint Architecture-Recipe Search Using Predictor Pretraining
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Dai_FBNetV3_Joint_Architecture-Recipe_Search_Using_Predictor_Pretraining_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Intrinsic Image Harmonization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Guo_Intrinsic_Image_Harmonization_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Fuse Asymmetric Feature Maps in Siamese Trackers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Han_Learning_To_Fuse_Asymmetric_Feature_Maps_in_Siamese_Trackers_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Adversarial Laser Beam: Effective Physical-World Attack to DNNs in a Blink
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Duan_Adversarial_Laser_Beam_Effective_Physical-World_Attack_to_DNNs_in_a_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Multiple Instance Captioning: Learning Representations From Histopathology Textbooks and Articles
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gamper_Multiple_Instance_Captioning_Learning_Representations_From_Histopathology_Textbooks_and_Articles_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
GDR-Net: Geometry-Guided Direct Regression Network for Monocular 6D Object Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_GDR-Net_Geometry-Guided_Direct_Regression_Network_for_Monocular_6D_Object_Pose_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Generalizing Face Forgery Detection With High-Frequency Features
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Luo_Generalizing_Face_Forgery_Detection_With_High-Frequency_Features_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Time Lens: Event-Based Video Frame Interpolation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Tulyakov_Time_Lens_Event-Based_Video_Frame_Interpolation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Troubleshooting Blind Image Quality Models in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Wang_Troubleshooting_Blind_Image_Quality_Models_in_the_Wild_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Improving Calibration for Long-Tailed Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhong_Improving_Calibration_for_Long-Tailed_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
View-Guided Point Cloud Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Zhang_View-Guided_Point_Cloud_Completion_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Global2Local: Efficient Structure Search for Video Action Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Gao_Global2Local_Efficient_Structure_Search_for_Video_Action_Segmentation_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
MoViNets: Mobile Video Networks for Efficient Video Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Kondratyuk_MoViNets_Mobile_Video_Networks_for_Efficient_Video_Recognition_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
Pseudo 3D Auto-Correlation Network for Real Image Denoising
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Hu_Pseudo_3D_Auto-Correlation_Network_for_Real_Image_Denoising_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf
