Dual Cross-Attention Learning for Fine-Grained Visual Categorization and Object Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhu_Dual_Cross-Attention_Learning_for_Fine-Grained_Visual_Categorization_and_Object_Re-Identification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SimAN: Exploring Self-Supervised Representation Learning of Scene Text via Similarity-Aware Normalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Luo_SimAN_Exploring_Self-Supervised_Representation_Learning_of_Scene_Text_via_Similarity-Aware_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation by Pixel-to-Prototype Contrast
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Du_Weakly_Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_by_Pixel-to-Prototype_Contrast_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Controllable Animation of Fluid Elements in Still Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mahapatra_Controllable_Animation_of_Fluid_Elements_in_Still_Images_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Recurrent Dynamic Embedding for Video Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Recurrent_Dynamic_Embedding_for_Video_Object_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deep Hierarchical Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Deep_Hierarchical_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
f-SfT: Shape-From-Template With a Physics-Based Deformation Model
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kairanda_f-SfT_Shape-From-Template_With_a_Physics-Based_Deformation_Model_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
TWIST: Two-Way Inter-Label Self-Training for Semi-Supervised 3D Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chu_TWIST_Two-Way_Inter-Label_Self-Training_for_Semi-Supervised_3D_Instance_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Do Learned Representations Respect Causal Relationships?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Do_Learned_Representations_Respect_Causal_Relationships_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multi-Class Token Transformer for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_Multi-Class_Token_Transformer_for_Weakly_Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
3D Moments From Near-Duplicate Photos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_3D_Moments_From_Near-Duplicate_Photos_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Blind2Unblind: Self-Supervised Image Denoising With Visible Blind Spots
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Blind2Unblind_Self-Supervised_Image_Denoising_With_Visible_Blind_Spots_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CLRNet: Cross Layer Refinement Network for Lane Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zheng_CLRNet_Cross_Layer_Refinement_Network_for_Lane_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Pointly-Supervised Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cheng_Pointly-Supervised_Instance_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
LGT-Net: Indoor Panoramic Room Layout Estimation With Geometry-Aware Transformer Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jiang_LGT-Net_Indoor_Panoramic_Room_Layout_Estimation_With_Geometry-Aware_Transformer_Network_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Sparse Local Patch Transformer for Robust Face Alignment and Landmarks Inherent Relation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xia_Sparse_Local_Patch_Transformer_for_Robust_Face_Alignment_and_Landmarks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Rotationally Equivariant 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yu_Rotationally_Equivariant_3D_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Accelerating DETR Convergence via Semantic-Aligned Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Accelerating_DETR_Convergence_via_Semantic-Aligned_Matching_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Vision Transformer With Deformable Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xia_Vision_Transformer_With_Deformable_Attention_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RM-Depth: Unsupervised Learning of Recurrent Monocular Depth in Dynamic Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hui_RM-Depth_Unsupervised_Learning_of_Recurrent_Monocular_Depth_in_Dynamic_Scenes_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Cloning Outfits From Real-World Images to 3D Characters for Generalizable Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Cloning_Outfits_From_Real-World_Images_to_3D_Characters_for_Generalizable_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ABPN: Adaptive Blend Pyramid Network for Real-Time Local Retouching of Ultra High-Resolution Photo
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lei_ABPN_Adaptive_Blend_Pyramid_Network_for_Real-Time_Local_Retouching_of_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Portrait Eyeglasses and Shadow Removal by Leveraging 3D Synthetic Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lyu_Portrait_Eyeglasses_and_Shadow_Removal_by_Leveraging_3D_Synthetic_Data_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Open-World Instance Segmentation: Exploiting Pseudo Ground Truth From Learned Pairwise Affinity
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Open-World_Instance_Segmentation_Exploiting_Pseudo_Ground_Truth_From_Learned_Pairwise_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HandOccNet: Occlusion-Robust 3D Hand Mesh Estimation Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Park_HandOccNet_Occlusion-Robust_3D_Hand_Mesh_Estimation_Network_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Modular Action Concept Grounding in Semantic Video Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yu_Modular_Action_Concept_Grounding_in_Semantic_Video_Prediction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Sub-Word Level Lip Reading With Visual Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Prajwal_Sub-Word_Level_Lip_Reading_With_Visual_Attention_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised High-Fidelity Clothing Model Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Feng_Weakly_Supervised_High-Fidelity_Clothing_Model_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Knowledge Mining With Scene Text for Fine-Grained Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Knowledge_Mining_With_Scene_Text_for_Fine-Grained_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
TransGeo: Transformer Is All You Need for Cross-View Image Geo-Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhu_TransGeo_Transformer_Is_All_You_Need_for_Cross-View_Image_Geo-Localization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
R(Det)2: Randomized Decision Routing for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_RDet2_Randomized_Decision_Routing_for_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SASIC: Stereo Image Compression With Latent Shifts and Stereo Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wodlinger_SASIC_Stereo_Image_Compression_With_Latent_Shifts_and_Stereo_Attention_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CVNet: Contour Vibration Network for Building Extraction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_CVNet_Contour_Vibration_Network_for_Building_Extraction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Hyperbolic Image Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Atigh_Hyperbolic_Image_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CLIMS: Cross Language Image Matching for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xie_CLIMS_Cross_Language_Image_Matching_for_Weakly_Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
TransRank: Self-Supervised Video Representation Learning via Ranking-Based Transformation Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Duan_TransRank_Self-Supervised_Video_Representation_Learning_via_Ranking-Based_Transformation_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Invariant Grounding for Video Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Invariant_Grounding_for_Video_Question_Answering_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Prompt Distribution Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lu_Prompt_Distribution_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Temporal Alignment Networks for Long-Term Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Han_Temporal_Alignment_Networks_for_Long-Term_Video_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
LAR-SR: A Local Autoregressive Model for Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guo_LAR-SR_A_Local_Autoregressive_Model_for_Image_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Democracy Does Matter: Comprehensive Feature Mining for Co-Salient Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yu_Democracy_Does_Matter_Comprehensive_Feature_Mining_for_Co-Salient_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Doodle It Yourself: Class Incremental Learning by Drawing a Few Sketches
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bhunia_Doodle_It_Yourself_Class_Incremental_Learning_by_Drawing_a_Few_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Predictive Learning: A Negative-Free Method for Sound Source Localization in Visual Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Song_Self-Supervised_Predictive_Learning_A_Negative-Free_Method_for_Sound_Source_Localization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Comparing Correspondences: Video Prediction With Correspondence-Wise Losses
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Geng_Comparing_Correspondences_Video_Prediction_With_Correspondence-Wise_Losses_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Non-Iterative Recovery From Nonlinear Observations Using Generative Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Non-Iterative_Recovery_From_Nonlinear_Observations_Using_Generative_Models_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Partially Does It: Towards Scene-Level FG-SBIR With Partial Input
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chowdhury_Partially_Does_It_Towards_Scene-Level_FG-SBIR_With_Partial_Input_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Density-Preserving Deep Point Cloud Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/He_Density-Preserving_Deep_Point_Cloud_Compression_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Fast and Unsupervised Action Boundary Detection for Action Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Du_Fast_and_Unsupervised_Action_Boundary_Detection_for_Action_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Robust Optimization As Data Augmentation for Large-Scale Graphs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kong_Robust_Optimization_As_Data_Augmentation_for_Large-Scale_Graphs_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
360MonoDepth: High-Resolution 360deg Monocular Depth Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Rey-Area_360MonoDepth_High-Resolution_360deg_Monocular_Depth_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MUSE-VAE: Multi-Scale VAE for Environment-Aware Long Term Trajectory Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lee_MUSE-VAE_Multi-Scale_VAE_for_Environment-Aware_Long_Term_Trajectory_Prediction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GazeOnce: Real-Time Multi-Person Gaze Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_GazeOnce_Real-Time_Multi-Person_Gaze_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Depth-Aware Generative Adversarial Network for Talking Head Video Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hong_Depth-Aware_Generative_Adversarial_Network_for_Talking_Head_Video_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Clipped Hyperbolic Classifiers Are Super-Hyperbolic Classifiers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guo_Clipped_Hyperbolic_Classifiers_Are_Super-Hyperbolic_Classifiers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Implicit Feature Decoupling With Depthwise Quantization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fostiropoulos_Implicit_Feature_Decoupling_With_Depthwise_Quantization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Graph-Context Attention Networks for Size-Varied Deep Graph Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jiang_Graph-Context_Attention_Networks_for_Size-Varied_Deep_Graph_Matching_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Measuring Compositional Consistency for Video Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gandhi_Measuring_Compositional_Consistency_for_Video_Question_Answering_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Category Contrast for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation in Visual Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huang_Category_Contrast_for_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_in_Visual_Tasks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SwapMix: Diagnosing and Regularizing the Over-Reliance on Visual Context in Visual Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gupta_SwapMix_Diagnosing_and_Regularizing_the_Over-Reliance_on_Visual_Context_in_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Mutual Information-Driven Pan-Sharpening
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhou_Mutual_Information-Driven_Pan-Sharpening_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
FLOAT: Factorized Learning of Object Attributes for Improved Multi-Object Multi-Part Scene Parsing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Singh_FLOAT_Factorized_Learning_of_Object_Attributes_for_Improved_Multi-Object_Multi-Part_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
FocusCut: Diving Into a Focus View in Interactive Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lin_FocusCut_Diving_Into_a_Focus_View_in_Interactive_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Medial Spectral Coordinates for 3D Shape Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Rezanejad_Medial_Spectral_Coordinates_for_3D_Shape_Analysis_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Dressing in the Wild by Watching Dance Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dong_Dressing_in_the_Wild_by_Watching_Dance_Videos_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SeeThroughNet: Resurrection of Auxiliary Loss by Preserving Class Probability Information
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Han_SeeThroughNet_Resurrection_of_Auxiliary_Loss_by_Preserving_Class_Probability_Information_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning To Restore 3D Face From In-the-Wild Degraded Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Learning_To_Restore_3D_Face_From_In-the-Wild_Degraded_Images_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SmartAdapt: Multi-Branch Object Detection Framework for Videos on Mobiles
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_SmartAdapt_Multi-Branch_Object_Detection_Framework_for_Videos_on_Mobiles_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
VL-Adapter: Parameter-Efficient Transfer Learning for Vision-and-Language Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sung_VL-Adapter_Parameter-Efficient_Transfer_Learning_for_Vision-and-Language_Tasks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deep Hybrid Models for Out-of-Distribution Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cao_Deep_Hybrid_Models_for_Out-of-Distribution_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Accelerating Video Object Segmentation With Compressed Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_Accelerating_Video_Object_Segmentation_With_Compressed_Video_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
FastDOG: Fast Discrete Optimization on GPU
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Abbas_FastDOG_Fast_Discrete_Optimization_on_GPU_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Equivariant Learning for Oriented Keypoint Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lee_Self-Supervised_Equivariant_Learning_for_Oriented_Keypoint_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Focal and Global Knowledge Distillation for Detectors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Focal_and_Global_Knowledge_Distillation_for_Detectors_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning To Prompt for Continual Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Learning_To_Prompt_for_Continual_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Human Mesh Recovery From Multiple Shots
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Pavlakos_Human_Mesh_Recovery_From_Multiple_Shots_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GANSeg: Learning To Segment by Unsupervised Hierarchical Image Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/He_GANSeg_Learning_To_Segment_by_Unsupervised_Hierarchical_Image_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Dense Learning Based Semi-Supervised Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Dense_Learning_Based_Semi-Supervised_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Fixing Malfunctional Objects With Learned Physical Simulation and Functional Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hong_Fixing_Malfunctional_Objects_With_Learned_Physical_Simulation_and_Functional_Prediction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Convolution of Convolution: Let Kernels Spatially Collaborate
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhao_Convolution_of_Convolution_Let_Kernels_Spatially_Collaborate_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Video-Text Representation Learning via Differentiable Weak Temporal Alignment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ko_Video-Text_Representation_Learning_via_Differentiable_Weak_Temporal_Alignment_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Progressive Minimal Path Method With Embedded CNN
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liao_Progressive_Minimal_Path_Method_With_Embedded_CNN_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
3D Human Tongue Reconstruction From Single &quot;In-the-Wild&quot; Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ploumpis_3D_Human_Tongue_Reconstruction_From_Single_In-the-Wild_Images_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Simple Multi-Modality Transfer Learning Baseline for Sign Language Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_A_Simple_Multi-Modality_Transfer_Learning_Baseline_for_Sign_Language_Translation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MonoDTR: Monocular 3D Object Detection With Depth-Aware Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huang_MonoDTR_Monocular_3D_Object_Detection_With_Depth-Aware_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Graph Regularisation for Guided Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/de_Lutio_Learning_Graph_Regularisation_for_Guided_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Voxel Field Fusion for 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Voxel_Field_Fusion_for_3D_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Fast Algorithm for Low-Rank Tensor Completion in Delay-Embedded Space
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yamamoto_Fast_Algorithm_for_Low-Rank_Tensor_Completion_in_Delay-Embedded_Space_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Panoptic, Instance and Semantic Relations: A Relational Context Encoder To Enhance Panoptic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Borse_Panoptic_Instance_and_Semantic_Relations_A_Relational_Context_Encoder_To_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ETHSeg: An Amodel Instance Segmentation Network and a Real-World Dataset for X-Ray Waste Inspection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Qiu_ETHSeg_An_Amodel_Instance_Segmentation_Network_and_a_Real-World_Dataset_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Killing Two Birds With One Stone: Efficient and Robust Training of Face Recognition CNNs by Partial FC
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/An_Killing_Two_Birds_With_One_Stone_Efficient_and_Robust_Training_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
FineDiving: A Fine-Grained Dataset for Procedure-Aware Action Quality Assessment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_FineDiving_A_Fine-Grained_Dataset_for_Procedure-Aware_Action_Quality_Assessment_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HEAT: Holistic Edge Attention Transformer for Structured Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_HEAT_Holistic_Edge_Attention_Transformer_for_Structured_Reconstruction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Exploiting Pseudo Labels in a Self-Supervised Learning Framework for Improved Monocular Depth Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Petrovai_Exploiting_Pseudo_Labels_in_a_Self-Supervised_Learning_Framework_for_Improved_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
VideoINR: Learning Video Implicit Neural Representation for Continuous Space-Time Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_VideoINR_Learning_Video_Implicit_Neural_Representation_for_Continuous_Space-Time_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards End-to-End Unified Scene Text Detection and Layout Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Long_Towards_End-to-End_Unified_Scene_Text_Detection_and_Layout_Analysis_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
AutoSDF: Shape Priors for 3D Completion, Reconstruction and Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mittal_AutoSDF_Shape_Priors_for_3D_Completion_Reconstruction_and_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ISNAS-DIP: Image-Specific Neural Architecture Search for Deep Image Prior
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Arican_ISNAS-DIP_Image-Specific_Neural_Architecture_Search_for_Deep_Image_Prior_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
End-to-End Referring Video Object Segmentation With Multimodal Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Botach_End-to-End_Referring_Video_Object_Segmentation_With_Multimodal_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Unpaired Cartoon Image Synthesis via Gated Cycle Mapping
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Men_Unpaired_Cartoon_Image_Synthesis_via_Gated_Cycle_Mapping_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Detecting Camouflaged Object in Frequency Domain
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhong_Detecting_Camouflaged_Object_in_Frequency_Domain_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Style-Based Global Appearance Flow for Virtual Try-On
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/He_Style-Based_Global_Appearance_Flow_for_Virtual_Try-On_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Active Learning for Open-Set Annotation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ning_Active_Learning_for_Open-Set_Annotation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised Video Semantic Segmentation With Inter-Frame Feature Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhuang_Semi-Supervised_Video_Semantic_Segmentation_With_Inter-Frame_Feature_Reconstruction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GenDR: A Generalized Differentiable Renderer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Petersen_GenDR_A_Generalized_Differentiable_Renderer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
XYLayoutLM: Towards Layout-Aware Multimodal Networks for Visually-Rich Document Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gu_XYLayoutLM_Towards_Layout-Aware_Multimodal_Networks_for_Visually-Rich_Document_Understanding_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Amodal Segmentation Through Out-of-Task and Out-of-Distribution Generalization With a Bayesian Model
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sun_Amodal_Segmentation_Through_Out-of-Task_and_Out-of-Distribution_Generalization_With_a_Bayesian_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Canonical Voting: Towards Robust Oriented Bounding Box Detection in 3D Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/You_Canonical_Voting_Towards_Robust_Oriented_Bounding_Box_Detection_in_3D_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Object-Aware Video-Language Pre-Training for Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Object-Aware_Video-Language_Pre-Training_for_Retrieval_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
OSKDet: Orientation-Sensitive Keypoint Localization for Rotated Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lu_OSKDet_Orientation-Sensitive_Keypoint_Localization_for_Rotated_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Exploring Geometric Consistency for Monocular 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lian_Exploring_Geometric_Consistency_for_Monocular_3D_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural Window Fully-Connected CRFs for Monocular Depth Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yuan_Neural_Window_Fully-Connected_CRFs_for_Monocular_Depth_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CodedVTR: Codebook-Based Sparse Voxel Transformer With Geometric Guidance
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhao_CodedVTR_Codebook-Based_Sparse_Voxel_Transformer_With_Geometric_Guidance_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Coherent Point Drift Revisited for Non-Rigid Shape Matching and Registration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fan_Coherent_Point_Drift_Revisited_for_Non-Rigid_Shape_Matching_and_Registration_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Align and Prompt: Video-and-Language Pre-Training With Entity Prompts
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Align_and_Prompt_Video-and-Language_Pre-Training_With_Entity_Prompts_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
It&#x27;s About Time: Analog Clock Reading in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Its_About_Time_Analog_Clock_Reading_in_the_Wild_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Cross Modal Retrieval With Querybank Normalisation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bogolin_Cross_Modal_Retrieval_With_Querybank_Normalisation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Hire-MLP: Vision MLP via Hierarchical Rearrangement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guo_Hire-MLP_Vision_MLP_via_Hierarchical_Rearrangement_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Occluded Human Mesh Recovery
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Khirodkar_Occluded_Human_Mesh_Recovery_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MAD: A Scalable Dataset for Language Grounding in Videos From Movie Audio Descriptions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Soldan_MAD_A_Scalable_Dataset_for_Language_Grounding_in_Videos_From_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ArtiBoost: Boosting Articulated 3D Hand-Object Pose Estimation via Online Exploration and Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_ArtiBoost_Boosting_Articulated_3D_Hand-Object_Pose_Estimation_via_Online_Exploration_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Disentangled3D: Learning a 3D Generative Model With Disentangled Geometry and Appearance From Monocular Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tewari_Disentangled3D_Learning_a_3D_Generative_Model_With_Disentangled_Geometry_and_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Revisiting Random Channel Pruning for Neural Network Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Revisiting_Random_Channel_Pruning_for_Neural_Network_Compression_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Does Text Attract Attention on E-Commerce Images: A Novel Saliency Prediction Dataset and Method
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jiang_Does_Text_Attract_Attention_on_E-Commerce_Images_A_Novel_Saliency_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Topologically-Aware Deformation Fields for Single-View 3D Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Duggal_Topologically-Aware_Deformation_Fields_for_Single-View_3D_Reconstruction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Sparse Non-Local CRF
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Veksler_Sparse_Non-Local_CRF_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
EPro-PnP: Generalized End-to-End Probabilistic Perspective-N-Points for Monocular Object Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_EPro-PnP_Generalized_End-to-End_Probabilistic_Perspective-N-Points_for_Monocular_Object_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Generating Diverse and Natural 3D Human Motions From Text
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guo_Generating_Diverse_and_Natural_3D_Human_Motions_From_Text_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multi-Frame Self-Supervised Depth With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guizilini_Multi-Frame_Self-Supervised_Depth_With_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Keypoint Discovery in Behavioral Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sun_Self-Supervised_Keypoint_Discovery_in_Behavioral_Videos_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
IRISformer: Dense Vision Transformers for Single-Image Inverse Rendering in Indoor Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhu_IRISformer_Dense_Vision_Transformers_for_Single-Image_Inverse_Rendering_in_Indoor_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Connecting the Complementary-View Videos: Joint Camera Identification and Subject Association
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Han_Connecting_the_Complementary-View_Videos_Joint_Camera_Identification_and_Subject_Association_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
End-to-End Trajectory Distribution Prediction Based on Occupancy Grid Maps
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guo_End-to-End_Trajectory_Distribution_Prediction_Based_on_Occupancy_Grid_Maps_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Temporal Action Localization via Representative Snippet Knowledge Propagation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huang_Weakly_Supervised_Temporal_Action_Localization_via_Representative_Snippet_Knowledge_Propagation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
E2EC: An End-to-End Contour-Based Method for High-Quality High-Speed Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_E2EC_An_End-to-End_Contour-Based_Method_for_High-Quality_High-Speed_Instance_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Image-Specific Prototype Exploration for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Self-Supervised_Image-Specific_Prototype_Exploration_for_Weakly_Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Clothes-Changing Person Re-Identification With RGB Modality Only
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gu_Clothes-Changing_Person_Re-Identification_With_RGB_Modality_Only_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Chitransformer: Towards Reliable Stereo From Cues
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Su_Chitransformer_Towards_Reliable_Stereo_From_Cues_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Modality-Agnostic Learning for Radar-Lidar Fusion in Vehicle Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Modality-Agnostic_Learning_for_Radar-Lidar_Fusion_in_Vehicle_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Re-Balancing Strategy for Class-Imbalanced Classification Based on Instance Difficulty
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yu_A_Re-Balancing_Strategy_for_Class-Imbalanced_Classification_Based_on_Instance_Difficulty_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Tracking People by Predicting 3D Appearance, Location and Pose
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Rajasegaran_Tracking_People_by_Predicting_3D_Appearance_Location_and_Pose_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Tencent-MVSE: A Large-Scale Benchmark Dataset for Multi-Modal Video Similarity Evaluation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zeng_Tencent-MVSE_A_Large-Scale_Benchmark_Dataset_for_Multi-Modal_Video_Similarity_Evaluation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deep Orientation-Aware Functional Maps: Tackling Symmetry Issues in Shape Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Donati_Deep_Orientation-Aware_Functional_Maps_Tackling_Symmetry_Issues_in_Shape_Matching_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Video Shadow Detection via Spatio-Temporal Interpolation Consistency Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lu_Video_Shadow_Detection_via_Spatio-Temporal_Interpolation_Consistency_Training_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Robust and Accurate Superquadric Recovery: A Probabilistic Approach
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Robust_and_Accurate_Superquadric_Recovery_A_Probabilistic_Approach_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Zero-Shot Text-Guided Object Generation With Dream Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jain_Zero-Shot_Text-Guided_Object_Generation_With_Dream_Fields_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Sparse Instance Activation for Real-Time Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cheng_Sparse_Instance_Activation_for_Real-Time_Instance_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Can You Spot the Chameleon? Adversarially Camouflaging Images From Co-Salient Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gao_Can_You_Spot_the_Chameleon_Adversarially_Camouflaging_Images_From_Co-Salient_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning From Temporal Gradient for Semi-Supervised Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xiao_Learning_From_Temporal_Gradient_for_Semi-Supervised_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Audio-Driven Neural Gesture Reenactment With Video Motion Graphs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhou_Audio-Driven_Neural_Gesture_Reenactment_With_Video_Motion_Graphs_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SoftCollage: A Differentiable Probabilistic Tree Generator for Image Collage
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yu_SoftCollage_A_Differentiable_Probabilistic_Tree_Generator_for_Image_Collage_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Unified Framework for Implicit Sinkhorn Differentiation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Eisenberger_A_Unified_Framework_for_Implicit_Sinkhorn_Differentiation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DGECN: A Depth-Guided Edge Convolutional Network for End-to-End 6D Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cao_DGECN_A_Depth-Guided_Edge_Convolutional_Network_for_End-to-End_6D_Pose_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Winoground: Probing Vision and Language Models for Visio-Linguistic Compositionality
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Thrush_Winoground_Probing_Vision_and_Language_Models_for_Visio-Linguistic_Compositionality_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Progressive Attention on Multi-Level Dense Difference Maps for Generic Event Boundary Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tang_Progressive_Attention_on_Multi-Level_Dense_Difference_Maps_for_Generic_Event_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
3D Scene Painting via Semantic Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jeong_3D_Scene_Painting_via_Semantic_Image_Synthesis_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Revisiting Weakly Supervised Pre-Training of Visual Perception Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Singh_Revisiting_Weakly_Supervised_Pre-Training_of_Visual_Perception_Models_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Meta Convolutional Neural Networks for Single Domain Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wan_Meta_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_for_Single_Domain_Generalization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Generalizing Gaze Estimation With Rotation Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bao_Generalizing_Gaze_Estimation_With_Rotation_Consistency_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning To Learn Across Diverse Data Biases in Deep Face Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Learning_To_Learn_Across_Diverse_Data_Biases_in_Deep_Face_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Online Convolutional Re-Parameterization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hu_Online_Convolutional_Re-Parameterization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Smooth Maximum Unit: Smooth Activation Function for Deep Networks Using Smoothing Maximum Technique
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Biswas_Smooth_Maximum_Unit_Smooth_Activation_Function_for_Deep_Networks_Using_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Invisible Markers for Hidden Codes in Offline-to-Online Photography
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jia_Learning_Invisible_Markers_for_Hidden_Codes_in_Offline-to-Online_Photography_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Noise Is Also Useful: Negative Correlation-Steered Latent Contrastive Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yan_Noise_Is_Also_Useful_Negative_Correlation-Steered_Latent_Contrastive_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Decoupled Multi-Task Learning With Cyclical Self-Regulation for Face Parsing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zheng_Decoupled_Multi-Task_Learning_With_Cyclical_Self-Regulation_for_Face_Parsing_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
AUV-Net: Learning Aligned UV Maps for Texture Transfer and Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_AUV-Net_Learning_Aligned_UV_Maps_for_Texture_Transfer_and_Synthesis_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Eigencontours: Novel Contour Descriptors Based on Low-Rank Approximation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Park_Eigencontours_Novel_Contour_Descriptors_Based_on_Low-Rank_Approximation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Efficient Deep Embedded Subspace Clustering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cai_Efficient_Deep_Embedded_Subspace_Clustering_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Spatial-Temporal Space Hand-in-Hand: Spatial-Temporal Video Super-Resolution via Cycle-Projected Mutual Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hu_Spatial-Temporal_Space_Hand-in-Hand_Spatial-Temporal_Video_Super-Resolution_via_Cycle-Projected_Mutual_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Revisiting Near/Remote Sensing With Geospatial Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Workman_Revisiting_NearRemote_Sensing_With_Geospatial_Attention_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Slot-VPS: Object-Centric Representation Learning for Video Panoptic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhou_Slot-VPS_Object-Centric_Representation_Learning_for_Video_Panoptic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Efficient Video Instance Segmentation via Tracklet Query and Proposal
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_Efficient_Video_Instance_Segmentation_via_Tracklet_Query_and_Proposal_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
NeuralHDHair: Automatic High-Fidelity Hair Modeling From a Single Image Using Implicit Neural Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_NeuralHDHair_Automatic_High-Fidelity_Hair_Modeling_From_a_Single_Image_Using_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Exploring Frequency Adversarial Attacks for Face Forgery Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jia_Exploring_Frequency_Adversarial_Attacks_for_Face_Forgery_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Signing at Scale: Learning to Co-Articulate Signs for Large-Scale Photo-Realistic Sign Language Production
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Saunders_Signing_at_Scale_Learning_to_Co-Articulate_Signs_for_Large-Scale_Photo-Realistic_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Explore Spatio-Temporal Aggregation for Insubstantial Object Detection: Benchmark Dataset and Baseline
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhou_Explore_Spatio-Temporal_Aggregation_for_Insubstantial_Object_Detection_Benchmark_Dataset_and_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Bayesian Sparse Networks With Full Experience Replay for Continual Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yan_Learning_Bayesian_Sparse_Networks_With_Full_Experience_Replay_for_Continual_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Graph-Based Spatial Transformer With Memory Replay for Multi-Future Pedestrian Trajectory Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Graph-Based_Spatial_Transformer_With_Memory_Replay_for_Multi-Future_Pedestrian_Trajectory_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
TableFormer: Table Structure Understanding With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Nassar_TableFormer_Table_Structure_Understanding_With_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Exemplar-Based Pattern Synthesis With Implicit Periodic Field Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Exemplar-Based_Pattern_Synthesis_With_Implicit_Periodic_Field_Network_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Generating 3D Bio-Printable Patches Using Wound Segmentation and Reconstruction To Treat Diabetic Foot Ulcers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chae_Generating_3D_Bio-Printable_Patches_Using_Wound_Segmentation_and_Reconstruction_To_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
OmniFusion: 360 Monocular Depth Estimation via Geometry-Aware Fusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_OmniFusion_360_Monocular_Depth_Estimation_via_Geometry-Aware_Fusion_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Semi-Weakly-Supervised Learning of Complex Actions From Instructional Task Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shen_Semi-Weakly-Supervised_Learning_of_Complex_Actions_From_Instructional_Task_Videos_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
VALHALLA: Visual Hallucination for Machine Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_VALHALLA_Visual_Hallucination_for_Machine_Translation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Advancing High-Resolution Video-Language Representation With Large-Scale Video Transcriptions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xue_Advancing_High-Resolution_Video-Language_Representation_With_Large-Scale_Video_Transcriptions_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural Face Identification in a 2D Wireframe Projection of a Manifold Object
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Neural_Face_Identification_in_a_2D_Wireframe_Projection_of_a_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Nonuniform-to-Uniform Quantization: Towards Accurate Quantization via Generalized Straight-Through Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Nonuniform-to-Uniform_Quantization_Towards_Accurate_Quantization_via_Generalized_Straight-Through_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning 3D Object Shape and Layout Without 3D Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gkioxari_Learning_3D_Object_Shape_and_Layout_Without_3D_Supervision_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SimVP: Simpler Yet Better Video Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gao_SimVP_Simpler_Yet_Better_Video_Prediction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Object Localization Under Single Coarse Point Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yu_Object_Localization_Under_Single_Coarse_Point_Supervision_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Bayesian Nonparametric Submodular Video Partition for Robust Anomaly Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sapkota_Bayesian_Nonparametric_Submodular_Video_Partition_for_Robust_Anomaly_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
FocalClick: Towards Practical Interactive Image Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_FocalClick_Towards_Practical_Interactive_Image_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ISDNet: Integrating Shallow and Deep Networks for Efficient Ultra-High Resolution Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guo_ISDNet_Integrating_Shallow_and_Deep_Networks_for_Efficient_Ultra-High_Resolution_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Understanding Uncertainty Maps in Vision With Statistical Testing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Nazarovs_Understanding_Uncertainty_Maps_in_Vision_With_Statistical_Testing_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Variational Bayesian Method for Similarity Learning in Non-Rigid Image Registration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Grzech_A_Variational_Bayesian_Method_for_Similarity_Learning_in_Non-Rigid_Image_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Quarantine: Sparsity Can Uncover the Trojan Attack Trigger for Free
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Quarantine_Sparsity_Can_Uncover_the_Trojan_Attack_Trigger_for_Free_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Why Discard if You Can Recycle?: A Recycling Max Pooling Module for 3D Point Cloud Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Why_Discard_if_You_Can_Recycle_A_Recycling_Max_Pooling_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning From Pixel-Level Noisy Label: A New Perspective for Light Field Saliency Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Feng_Learning_From_Pixel-Level_Noisy_Label_A_New_Perspective_for_Light_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multi-View Depth Estimation by Fusing Single-View Depth Probability With Multi-View Geometry
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bae_Multi-View_Depth_Estimation_by_Fusing_Single-View_Depth_Probability_With_Multi-View_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CLIP-NeRF: Text-and-Image Driven Manipulation of Neural Radiance Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_CLIP-NeRF_Text-and-Image_Driven_Manipulation_of_Neural_Radiance_Fields_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Homography Loss for Monocular 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gu_Homography_Loss_for_Monocular_3D_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Dynamic Sparse R-CNN
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hong_Dynamic_Sparse_R-CNN_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Stable Long-Term Recurrent Video Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chiche_Stable_Long-Term_Recurrent_Video_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Dual-Generator Face Reenactment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hsu_Dual-Generator_Face_Reenactment_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Hybrid Quantum-Classical Algorithm for Robust Fitting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Doan_A_Hybrid_Quantum-Classical_Algorithm_for_Robust_Fitting_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Human Instance Matting via Mutual Guidance and Multi-Instance Refinement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sun_Human_Instance_Matting_via_Mutual_Guidance_and_Multi-Instance_Refinement_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SwinTextSpotter: Scene Text Spotting via Better Synergy Between Text Detection and Text Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huang_SwinTextSpotter_Scene_Text_Spotting_via_Better_Synergy_Between_Text_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Video Frame Interpolation With Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lu_Video_Frame_Interpolation_With_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
TemporalUV: Capturing Loose Clothing With Temporally Coherent UV Coordinates
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xie_TemporalUV_Capturing_Loose_Clothing_With_Temporally_Coherent_UV_Coordinates_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
An Iterative Quantum Approach for Transformation Estimation From Point Sets
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Meli_An_Iterative_Quantum_Approach_for_Transformation_Estimation_From_Point_Sets_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PhysFormer: Facial Video-Based Physiological Measurement With Temporal Difference Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yu_PhysFormer_Facial_Video-Based_Physiological_Measurement_With_Temporal_Difference_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Dimension Embeddings for Monocular 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Dimension_Embeddings_for_Monocular_3D_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Blind Image Super-Resolution With Elaborate Degradation Modeling on Noise and Kernel
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yue_Blind_Image_Super-Resolution_With_Elaborate_Degradation_Modeling_on_Noise_and_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Progressive End-to-End Object Detection in Crowded Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zheng_Progressive_End-to-End_Object_Detection_in_Crowded_Scenes_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Robust Combination of Distributed Gradients Under Adversarial Perturbations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_Robust_Combination_of_Distributed_Gradients_Under_Adversarial_Perturbations_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Automatic Synthesis of Diverse Weak Supervision Sources for Behavior Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tseng_Automatic_Synthesis_of_Diverse_Weak_Supervision_Sources_for_Behavior_Analysis_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Habitat-Web: Learning Embodied Object-Search Strategies From Human Demonstrations at Scale
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ramrakhya_Habitat-Web_Learning_Embodied_Object-Search_Strategies_From_Human_Demonstrations_at_Scale_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
The Probabilistic Normal Epipolar Constraint for Frame-to-Frame Rotation Optimization Under Uncertain Feature Positions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Muhle_The_Probabilistic_Normal_Epipolar_Constraint_for_Frame-to-Frame_Rotation_Optimization_Under_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DyRep: Bootstrapping Training With Dynamic Re-Parameterization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huang_DyRep_Bootstrapping_Training_With_Dynamic_Re-Parameterization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CDGNet: Class Distribution Guided Network for Human Parsing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_CDGNet_Class_Distribution_Guided_Network_for_Human_Parsing_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deep Safe Multi-View Clustering: Reducing the Risk of Clustering Performance Degradation Caused by View Increase
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tang_Deep_Safe_Multi-View_Clustering_Reducing_the_Risk_of_Clustering_Performance_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HP-Capsule: Unsupervised Face Part Discovery by Hierarchical Parsing Capsule Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yu_HP-Capsule_Unsupervised_Face_Part_Discovery_by_Hierarchical_Parsing_Capsule_Network_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MuKEA: Multimodal Knowledge Extraction and Accumulation for Knowledge-Based Visual Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ding_MuKEA_Multimodal_Knowledge_Extraction_and_Accumulation_for_Knowledge-Based_Visual_Question_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Transform-Retrieve-Generate: Natural Language-Centric Outside-Knowledge Visual Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gao_Transform-Retrieve-Generate_Natural_Language-Centric_Outside-Knowledge_Visual_Question_Answering_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Nested Hyperbolic Spaces for Dimensionality Reduction and Hyperbolic NN Design
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fan_Nested_Hyperbolic_Spaces_for_Dimensionality_Reduction_and_Hyperbolic_NN_Design_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
BNUDC: A Two-Branched Deep Neural Network for Restoring Images From Under-Display Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Koh_BNUDC_A_Two-Branched_Deep_Neural_Network_for_Restoring_Images_From_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Training Object Detectors From Scratch: An Empirical Study in the Era of Vision Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hong_Training_Object_Detectors_From_Scratch_An_Empirical_Study_in_the_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
C2SLR: Consistency-Enhanced Continuous Sign Language Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zuo_C2SLR_Consistency-Enhanced_Continuous_Sign_Language_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Label Relation Graphs Enhanced Hierarchical Residual Network for Hierarchical Multi-Granularity Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Label_Relation_Graphs_Enhanced_Hierarchical_Residual_Network_for_Hierarchical_Multi-Granularity_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Enhancing Face Recognition With Self-Supervised 3D Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/He_Enhancing_Face_Recognition_With_Self-Supervised_3D_Reconstruction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
FvOR: Robust Joint Shape and Pose Optimization for Few-View Object Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_FvOR_Robust_Joint_Shape_and_Pose_Optimization_for_Few-View_Object_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Few Could Be Better Than All: Feature Sampling and Grouping for Scene Text Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tang_Few_Could_Be_Better_Than_All_Feature_Sampling_and_Grouping_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
IDR: Self-Supervised Image Denoising via Iterative Data Refinement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_IDR_Self-Supervised_Image_Denoising_via_Iterative_Data_Refinement_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MogFace: Towards a Deeper Appreciation on Face Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_MogFace_Towards_a_Deeper_Appreciation_on_Face_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multi-Label Iterated Learning for Image Classification With Label Ambiguity
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Rajeswar_Multi-Label_Iterated_Learning_for_Image_Classification_With_Label_Ambiguity_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Pushing the Envelope of Gradient Boosting Forests via Globally-Optimized Oblique Trees
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gabidolla_Pushing_the_Envelope_of_Gradient_Boosting_Forests_via_Globally-Optimized_Oblique_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deformable Sprites for Unsupervised Video Decomposition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ye_Deformable_Sprites_for_Unsupervised_Video_Decomposition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning To Detect Mobile Objects From LiDAR Scans Without Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/You_Learning_To_Detect_Mobile_Objects_From_LiDAR_Scans_Without_Labels_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Time3D: End-to-End Joint Monocular 3D Object Detection and Tracking for Autonomous Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Time3D_End-to-End_Joint_Monocular_3D_Object_Detection_and_Tracking_for_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MonoJSG: Joint Semantic and Geometric Cost Volume for Monocular 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lian_MonoJSG_Joint_Semantic_and_Geometric_Cost_Volume_for_Monocular_3D_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Efficient Classification of Very Large Images With Tiny Objects
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kong_Efficient_Classification_of_Very_Large_Images_With_Tiny_Objects_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SWEM: Towards Real-Time Video Object Segmentation With Sequential Weighted Expectation-Maximization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lin_SWEM_Towards_Real-Time_Video_Object_Segmentation_With_Sequential_Weighted_Expectation-Maximization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Generating Diverse 3D Reconstructions From a Single Occluded Face Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dey_Generating_Diverse_3D_Reconstructions_From_a_Single_Occluded_Face_Image_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RBGNet: Ray-Based Grouping for 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_RBGNet_Ray-Based_Grouping_for_3D_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Stand-Alone Inter-Frame Attention in Video Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Long_Stand-Alone_Inter-Frame_Attention_in_Video_Models_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Memory-Augmented Deep Conditional Unfolding Network for Pan-Sharpening
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Memory-Augmented_Deep_Conditional_Unfolding_Network_for_Pan-Sharpening_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Large-Scale Pre-Training for Person Re-Identification With Noisy Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fu_Large-Scale_Pre-Training_for_Person_Re-Identification_With_Noisy_Labels_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Feature Erasing and Diffusion Network for Occluded Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Feature_Erasing_and_Diffusion_Network_for_Occluded_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Semantic Segmentation by Early Region Proxy
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Semantic_Segmentation_by_Early_Region_Proxy_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GIQE: Generic Image Quality Enhancement via Nth Order Iterative Degradation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shyam_GIQE_Generic_Image_Quality_Enhancement_via_Nth_Order_Iterative_Degradation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Instance Segmentation With Mask-Supervised Polygonal Boundary Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lazarow_Instance_Segmentation_With_Mask-Supervised_Polygonal_Boundary_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Single-Stage 3D Geometry-Preserving Depth Estimation Model Training on Dataset Mixtures With Uncalibrated Stereo Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Patakin_Single-Stage_3D_Geometry-Preserving_Depth_Estimation_Model_Training_on_Dataset_Mixtures_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
LD-ConGR: A Large RGB-D Video Dataset for Long-Distance Continuous Gesture Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_LD-ConGR_A_Large_RGB-D_Video_Dataset_for_Long-Distance_Continuous_Gesture_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SimVQA: Exploring Simulated Environments for Visual Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cascante-Bonilla_SimVQA_Exploring_Simulated_Environments_for_Visual_Question_Answering_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Thin-Plate Spline Motion Model for Image Animation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhao_Thin-Plate_Spline_Motion_Model_for_Image_Animation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Local Displacements for Point Cloud Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Learning_Local_Displacements_for_Point_Cloud_Completion_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Human Hands As Probes for Interactive Object Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Goyal_Human_Hands_As_Probes_for_Interactive_Object_Understanding_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Understanding and Increasing Efficiency of Frank-Wolfe Adversarial Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tsiligkaridis_Understanding_and_Increasing_Efficiency_of_Frank-Wolfe_Adversarial_Training_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RADU: Ray-Aligned Depth Update Convolutions for ToF Data Denoising
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Schelling_RADU_Ray-Aligned_Depth_Update_Convolutions_for_ToF_Data_Denoising_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Rethinking Visual Geo-Localization for Large-Scale Applications
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Berton_Rethinking_Visual_Geo-Localization_for_Large-Scale_Applications_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ViM: Out-of-Distribution With Virtual-Logit Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_ViM_Out-of-Distribution_With_Virtual-Logit_Matching_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Accurate Facial Landmark Detection via Cascaded Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Towards_Accurate_Facial_Landmark_Detection_via_Cascaded_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Long-Term Visual Map Sparsification With Heterogeneous GNN
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chang_Long-Term_Visual_Map_Sparsification_With_Heterogeneous_GNN_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Dual-AI: Dual-Path Actor Interaction Learning for Group Activity Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Han_Dual-AI_Dual-Path_Actor_Interaction_Learning_for_Group_Activity_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Brand New Dance Partner: Music-Conditioned Pluralistic Dancing Controlled by Multiple Dance Genres
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_A_Brand_New_Dance_Partner_Music-Conditioned_Pluralistic_Dancing_Controlled_by_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Adaptive Early-Learning Correction for Segmentation From Noisy Annotations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Adaptive_Early-Learning_Correction_for_Segmentation_From_Noisy_Annotations_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multi-Scale Memory-Based Video Deblurring
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ji_Multi-Scale_Memory-Based_Video_Deblurring_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Scalable Combinatorial Solver for Elastic Geometrically Consistent 3D Shape Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Roetzer_A_Scalable_Combinatorial_Solver_for_Elastic_Geometrically_Consistent_3D_Shape_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Geometric Structure Preserving Warp for Natural Image Stitching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Du_Geometric_Structure_Preserving_Warp_for_Natural_Image_Stitching_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Focal Length and Object Pose Estimation via Render and Compare
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ponimatkin_Focal_Length_and_Object_Pose_Estimation_via_Render_and_Compare_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Dynamic 3D Gaze From Afar: Deep Gaze Estimation From Temporal Eye-Head-Body Coordination
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Nonaka_Dynamic_3D_Gaze_From_Afar_Deep_Gaze_Estimation_From_Temporal_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Expressive Talking Head Generation With Granular Audio-Visual Control
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liang_Expressive_Talking_Head_Generation_With_Granular_Audio-Visual_Control_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HairMapper: Removing Hair From Portraits Using GANs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_HairMapper_Removing_Hair_From_Portraits_Using_GANs_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Out-of-Distribution Generalization With Causal Invariant Transformations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Out-of-Distribution_Generalization_With_Causal_Invariant_Transformations_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Motion-Dependent Appearance for High-Fidelity Rendering of Dynamic Humans From a Single Camera
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yoon_Learning_Motion-Dependent_Appearance_for_High-Fidelity_Rendering_of_Dynamic_Humans_From_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Perturbed and Strict Mean Teachers for Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Perturbed_and_Strict_Mean_Teachers_for_Semi-Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
IFRNet: Intermediate Feature Refine Network for Efficient Frame Interpolation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kong_IFRNet_Intermediate_Feature_Refine_Network_for_Efficient_Frame_Interpolation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Toward Practical Monocular Indoor Depth Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_Toward_Practical_Monocular_Indoor_Depth_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Speed Up Object Detection on Gigapixel-Level Images With Patch Arrangement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fan_Speed_Up_Object_Detection_on_Gigapixel-Level_Images_With_Patch_Arrangement_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural Recognition of Dashed Curves With Gestalt Law of Continuity
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Neural_Recognition_of_Dashed_Curves_With_Gestalt_Law_of_Continuity_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HODOR: High-Level Object Descriptors for Object Re-Segmentation in Video Learned From Static Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Athar_HODOR_High-Level_Object_Descriptors_for_Object_Re-Segmentation_in_Video_Learned_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MLSLT: Towards Multilingual Sign Language Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yin_MLSLT_Towards_Multilingual_Sign_Language_Translation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Contrastive Test-Time Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Contrastive_Test-Time_Adaptation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Collaborative Learning for Hand and Object Reconstruction With Attention-Guided Graph Convolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tse_Collaborative_Learning_for_Hand_and_Object_Reconstruction_With_Attention-Guided_Graph_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Regional Semantic Contrast and Aggregation for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhou_Regional_Semantic_Contrast_and_Aggregation_for_Weakly_Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Class Re-Activation Maps for Weakly-Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Class_Re-Activation_Maps_for_Weakly-Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
TransWeather: Transformer-Based Restoration of Images Degraded by Adverse Weather Conditions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Valanarasu_TransWeather_Transformer-Based_Restoration_of_Images_Degraded_by_Adverse_Weather_Conditions_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
P3Depth: Monocular Depth Estimation With a Piecewise Planarity Prior
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Patil_P3Depth_Monocular_Depth_Estimation_With_a_Piecewise_Planarity_Prior_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MLP-3D: A MLP-Like 3D Architecture With Grouped Time Mixing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Qiu_MLP-3D_A_MLP-Like_3D_Architecture_With_Grouped_Time_Mixing_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
BANMo: Building Animatable 3D Neural Models From Many Casual Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_BANMo_Building_Animatable_3D_Neural_Models_From_Many_Casual_Videos_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Language As Queries for Referring Video Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_Language_As_Queries_for_Referring_Video_Object_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Investigating the Impact of Multi-LiDAR Placement on Object Detection for Autonomous Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hu_Investigating_the_Impact_of_Multi-LiDAR_Placement_on_Object_Detection_for_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MViTv2: Improved Multiscale Vision Transformers for Classification and Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_MViTv2_Improved_Multiscale_Vision_Transformers_for_Classification_and_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Arbitrary-Scale Point Clouds Upsampling via Implicit Neural Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhao_Self-Supervised_Arbitrary-Scale_Point_Clouds_Upsampling_via_Implicit_Neural_Representation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
AIM: An Auto-Augmenter for Images and Meshes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Singh_AIM_An_Auto-Augmenter_for_Images_and_Meshes_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
VISOLO: Grid-Based Space-Time Aggregation for Efficient Online Video Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Han_VISOLO_Grid-Based_Space-Time_Aggregation_for_Efficient_Online_Video_Instance_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Incremental Learning in Semantic Segmentation From Image Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cermelli_Incremental_Learning_in_Semantic_Segmentation_From_Image_Labels_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Playable Environments: Video Manipulation in Space and Time
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Menapace_Playable_Environments_Video_Manipulation_in_Space_and_Time_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CO-SNE: Dimensionality Reduction and Visualization for Hyperbolic Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guo_CO-SNE_Dimensionality_Reduction_and_Visualization_for_Hyperbolic_Data_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Revisiting Skeleton-Based Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Duan_Revisiting_Skeleton-Based_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
LOLNerf: Learn From One Look
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Rebain_LOLNerf_Learn_From_One_Look_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Geometry-Aware Guided Loss for Deep Crack Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Geometry-Aware_Guided_Loss_for_Deep_Crack_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Maintaining Reasoning Consistency in Compositional Visual Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jing_Maintaining_Reasoning_Consistency_in_Compositional_Visual_Question_Answering_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Structure-Aware Motion Transfer With Deformable Anchor Model
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tao_Structure-Aware_Motion_Transfer_With_Deformable_Anchor_Model_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Pix2NeRF: Unsupervised Conditional p-GAN for Single Image to Neural Radiance Fields Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cai_Pix2NeRF_Unsupervised_Conditional_p-GAN_for_Single_Image_to_Neural_Radiance_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Rethinking Image Cropping: Exploring Diverse Compositions From Global Views
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jia_Rethinking_Image_Cropping_Exploring_Diverse_Compositions_From_Global_Views_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Threshold Matters in WSSS: Manipulating the Activation for the Robust and Accurate Segmentation Model Against Thresholds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lee_Threshold_Matters_in_WSSS_Manipulating_the_Activation_for_the_Robust_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Data-Free Network Compression via Parametric Non-Uniform Mixed Precision Quantization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chikin_Data-Free_Network_Compression_via_Parametric_Non-Uniform_Mixed_Precision_Quantization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ROCA: Robust CAD Model Retrieval and Alignment From a Single Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gumeli_ROCA_Robust_CAD_Model_Retrieval_and_Alignment_From_a_Single_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Wnet: Audio-Guided Video Object Segmentation via Wavelet-Based Cross-Modal Denoising Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Pan_Wnet_Audio-Guided_Video_Object_Segmentation_via_Wavelet-Based_Cross-Modal_Denoising_Networks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PubTables-1M: Towards Comprehensive Table Extraction From Unstructured Documents
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Smock_PubTables-1M_Towards_Comprehensive_Table_Extraction_From_Unstructured_Documents_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Meta-Attention for ViT-Backed Continual Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xue_Meta-Attention_for_ViT-Backed_Continual_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Photorealistic Monocular 3D Reconstruction of Humans Wearing Clothing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Alldieck_Photorealistic_Monocular_3D_Reconstruction_of_Humans_Wearing_Clothing_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Generalizing Interactive Backpropagating Refinement for Dense Prediction Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lin_Generalizing_Interactive_Backpropagating_Refinement_for_Dense_Prediction_Networks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Look Outside the Room: Synthesizing a Consistent Long-Term 3D Scene Video From a Single Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ren_Look_Outside_the_Room_Synthesizing_a_Consistent_Long-Term_3D_Scene_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Full-Range Virtual Try-On With Recurrent Tri-Level Transform
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Full-Range_Virtual_Try-On_With_Recurrent_Tri-Level_Transform_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multiview Transformers for Video Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yan_Multiview_Transformers_for_Video_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Structured Gaussians To Approximate Deep Ensembles
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Simpson_Learning_Structured_Gaussians_To_Approximate_Deep_Ensembles_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Total Variation Optimization Layers for Computer Vision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yeh_Total_Variation_Optimization_Layers_for_Computer_Vision_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Defensive Patches for Robust Recognition in the Physical World
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Defensive_Patches_for_Robust_Recognition_in_the_Physical_World_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Sequential Voting With Relational Box Fields for Active Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fu_Sequential_Voting_With_Relational_Box_Fields_for_Active_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Transferable Human-Object Interaction Detector With Natural Language Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Learning_Transferable_Human-Object_Interaction_Detector_With_Natural_Language_Supervision_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Fourier Document Restoration for Robust Document Dewarping and Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xue_Fourier_Document_Restoration_for_Robust_Document_Dewarping_and_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Consistency Learning via Decoding Path Augmentation for Transformers in Human Object Interaction Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Park_Consistency_Learning_via_Decoding_Path_Augmentation_for_Transformers_in_Human_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning With Neighbor Consistency for Noisy Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Iscen_Learning_With_Neighbor_Consistency_for_Noisy_Labels_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Depth Estimation by Combining Binocular Stereo and Monocular Structured-Light
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_Depth_Estimation_by_Combining_Binocular_Stereo_and_Monocular_Structured-Light_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Object-Region Video Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Herzig_Object-Region_Video_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
AME: Attention and Memory Enhancement in Hyper-Parameter Optimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_AME_Attention_and_Memory_Enhancement_in_Hyper-Parameter_Optimization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RepMLPNet: Hierarchical Vision MLP With Re-Parameterized Locality
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ding_RepMLPNet_Hierarchical_Vision_MLP_With_Re-Parameterized_Locality_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DR.VIC: Decomposition and Reasoning for Video Individual Counting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Han_DR.VIC_Decomposition_and_Reasoning_for_Video_Individual_Counting_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Revisiting Document Image Dewarping by Grid Regularization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jiang_Revisiting_Document_Image_Dewarping_by_Grid_Regularization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CMT-DeepLab: Clustering Mask Transformers for Panoptic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yu_CMT-DeepLab_Clustering_Mask_Transformers_for_Panoptic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Novel Class Discovery in Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhao_Novel_Class_Discovery_in_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GCFSR: A Generative and Controllable Face Super Resolution Method Without Facial and GAN Priors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/He_GCFSR_A_Generative_and_Controllable_Face_Super_Resolution_Method_Without_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Using 3D Topological Connectivity for Ghost Particle Reduction in Flow Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tsalicoglou_Using_3D_Topological_Connectivity_for_Ghost_Particle_Reduction_in_Flow_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
On the Integration of Self-Attention and Convolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Pan_On_the_Integration_of_Self-Attention_and_Convolution_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Consistency Driven Sequential Transformers Attention Model for Partially Observable Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Rangrej_Consistency_Driven_Sequential_Transformers_Attention_Model_for_Partially_Observable_Scenes_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DiffusionCLIP: Text-Guided Diffusion Models for Robust Image Manipulation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_DiffusionCLIP_Text-Guided_Diffusion_Models_for_Robust_Image_Manipulation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GlideNet: Global, Local and Intrinsic Based Dense Embedding NETwork for Multi-Category Attributes Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Metwaly_GlideNet_Global_Local_and_Intrinsic_Based_Dense_Embedding_NETwork_for_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Better Plasticity-Stability Trade-Off in Incremental Learning: A Simple Linear Connector
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lin_Towards_Better_Plasticity-Stability_Trade-Off_in_Incremental_Learning_A_Simple_Linear_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Delving Into the Estimation Shift of Batch Normalization in a Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huang_Delving_Into_the_Estimation_Shift_of_Batch_Normalization_in_a_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Joint Forecasting of Panoptic Segmentations With Difference Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Graber_Joint_Forecasting_of_Panoptic_Segmentations_With_Difference_Attention_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Imposing Consistency for Optical Flow Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jeong_Imposing_Consistency_for_Optical_Flow_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Robust and Reproducible Active Learning Using Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Munjal_Towards_Robust_and_Reproducible_Active_Learning_Using_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Temporally Efficient Vision Transformer for Video Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Temporally_Efficient_Vision_Transformer_for_Video_Instance_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
The Devil Is in the Margin: Margin-Based Label Smoothing for Network Calibration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_The_Devil_Is_in_the_Margin_Margin-Based_Label_Smoothing_for_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Revealing Occlusions With 4D Neural Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Van_Hoorick_Revealing_Occlusions_With_4D_Neural_Fields_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Deep Image Restoration via Adaptive Stochastic Gradient Langevin Dynamics
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Self-Supervised_Deep_Image_Restoration_via_Adaptive_Stochastic_Gradient_Langevin_Dynamics_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
AutoLoss-Zero: Searching Loss Functions From Scratch for Generic Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_AutoLoss-Zero_Searching_Loss_Functions_From_Scratch_for_Generic_Tasks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Scalable Penalized Regression for Noise Detection in Learning With Noisy Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Scalable_Penalized_Regression_for_Noise_Detection_in_Learning_With_Noisy_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Registering Explicit to Implicit: Towards High-Fidelity Garment Mesh Reconstruction From Single Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhu_Registering_Explicit_to_Implicit_Towards_High-Fidelity_Garment_Mesh_Reconstruction_From_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Layered Depth Refinement With Mask Guidance
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_Layered_Depth_Refinement_With_Mask_Guidance_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
LAKe-Net: Topology-Aware Point Cloud Completion by Localizing Aligned Keypoints
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tang_LAKe-Net_Topology-Aware_Point_Cloud_Completion_by_Localizing_Aligned_Keypoints_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Scribble-Supervised LiDAR Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Unal_Scribble-Supervised_LiDAR_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Vision Transformer Slimming: Multi-Dimension Searching in Continuous Optimization Space
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chavan_Vision_Transformer_Slimming_Multi-Dimension_Searching_in_Continuous_Optimization_Space_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Brain-Inspired Multilayer Perceptron With Spiking Neurons
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Brain-Inspired_Multilayer_Perceptron_With_Spiking_Neurons_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning To Estimate Robust 3D Human Mesh From In-the-Wild Crowded Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Choi_Learning_To_Estimate_Robust_3D_Human_Mesh_From_In-the-Wild_Crowded_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ObjectFormer for Image Manipulation Detection and Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_ObjectFormer_for_Image_Manipulation_Detection_and_Localization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Semi-Supervised Deep Facial Expression Recognition With an Adaptive Confidence Margin
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Towards_Semi-Supervised_Deep_Facial_Expression_Recognition_With_an_Adaptive_Confidence_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Masked-Attention Mask Transformer for Universal Image Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cheng_Masked-Attention_Mask_Transformer_for_Universal_Image_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Language-Bridged Spatial-Temporal Interaction for Referring Video Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ding_Language-Bridged_Spatial-Temporal_Interaction_for_Referring_Video_Object_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Adaptive Hierarchical Representation Learning for Long-Tailed Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Adaptive_Hierarchical_Representation_Learning_for_Long-Tailed_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Whose Hands Are These? Hand Detection and Hand-Body Association in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Narasimhaswamy_Whose_Hands_Are_These_Hand_Detection_and_Hand-Body_Association_in_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Training Quantised Neural Networks With STE Variants: The Additive Noise Annealing Algorithm
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Spallanzani_Training_Quantised_Neural_Networks_With_STE_Variants_The_Additive_Noise_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Split Hierarchical Variational Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ryder_Split_Hierarchical_Variational_Compression_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Video Swin Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Video_Swin_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
BoxeR: Box-Attention for 2D and 3D Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Nguyen_BoxeR_Box-Attention_for_2D_and_3D_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Proposal-Based Paradigm for Self-Supervised Sound Source Localization in Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xuan_A_Proposal-Based_Paradigm_for_Self-Supervised_Sound_Source_Localization_in_Videos_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
P3IV: Probabilistic Procedure Planning From Instructional Videos With Weak Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhao_P3IV_Probabilistic_Procedure_Planning_From_Instructional_Videos_With_Weak_Supervision_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Hierarchical Nearest Neighbor Graph Embedding for Efficient Dimensionality Reduction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sarfraz_Hierarchical_Nearest_Neighbor_Graph_Embedding_for_Efficient_Dimensionality_Reduction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised Video Paragraph Grounding With Contrastive Encoder
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jiang_Semi-Supervised_Video_Paragraph_Grounding_With_Contrastive_Encoder_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
BARC: Learning To Regress 3D Dog Shape From Images by Exploiting Breed Information
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ruegg_BARC_Learning_To_Regress_3D_Dog_Shape_From_Images_by_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Frame Averaging for Equivariant Shape Space Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Atzmon_Frame_Averaging_for_Equivariant_Shape_Space_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Panoptic SegFormer: Delving Deeper Into Panoptic Segmentation With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Panoptic_SegFormer_Delving_Deeper_Into_Panoptic_Segmentation_With_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Hypergraph-Induced Semantic Tuplet Loss for Deep Metric Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lim_Hypergraph-Induced_Semantic_Tuplet_Loss_for_Deep_Metric_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Computing Wasserstein-p Distance Between Images With Linear Cost
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Computing_Wasserstein-p_Distance_Between_Images_With_Linear_Cost_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DLFormer: Discrete Latent Transformer for Video Inpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ren_DLFormer_Discrete_Latent_Transformer_for_Video_Inpainting_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
High Quality Segmentation for Ultra High-Resolution Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shen_High_Quality_Segmentation_for_Ultra_High-Resolution_Images_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Aesthetic Text Logo Synthesis via Content-Aware Layout Inferring
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Aesthetic_Text_Logo_Synthesis_via_Content-Aware_Layout_Inferring_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Oriented RepPoints for Aerial Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Oriented_RepPoints_for_Aerial_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
OccAM&#x27;s Laser: Occlusion-Based Attribution Maps for 3D Object Detectors on LiDAR Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Schinagl_OccAMs_Laser_Occlusion-Based_Attribution_Maps_for_3D_Object_Detectors_on_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Pre-Train, Self-Train, Distill: A Simple Recipe for Supersizing 3D Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Alwala_Pre-Train_Self-Train_Distill_A_Simple_Recipe_for_Supersizing_3D_Reconstruction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Meta Distribution Alignment for Generalizable Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ni_Meta_Distribution_Alignment_for_Generalizable_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
BoosterNet: Improving Domain Generalization of Deep Neural Nets Using Culpability-Ranked Features
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bayasi_BoosterNet_Improving_Domain_Generalization_of_Deep_Neural_Nets_Using_Culpability-Ranked_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Selective-Supervised Contrastive Learning With Noisy Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Selective-Supervised_Contrastive_Learning_With_Noisy_Labels_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Co-Domain Symmetry for Complex-Valued Deep Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Singhal_Co-Domain_Symmetry_for_Complex-Valued_Deep_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural Collaborative Graph Machines for Table Structure Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Neural_Collaborative_Graph_Machines_for_Table_Structure_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Affordance Grounding From Exocentric Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Luo_Learning_Affordance_Grounding_From_Exocentric_Images_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
C2AM: Contrastive Learning of Class-Agnostic Activation Map for Weakly Supervised Object Localization and Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xie_C2AM_Contrastive_Learning_of_Class-Agnostic_Activation_Map_for_Weakly_Supervised_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Understanding 3D Object Articulation in Internet Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Qian_Understanding_3D_Object_Articulation_in_Internet_Videos_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multi-Level Representation Learning With Semantic Alignment for Referring Video Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_Multi-Level_Representation_Learning_With_Semantic_Alignment_for_Referring_Video_Object_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Paramixer: Parameterizing Mixing Links in Sparse Factors Works Better Than Dot-Product Self-Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yu_Paramixer_Parameterizing_Mixing_Links_in_Sparse_Factors_Works_Better_Than_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Pseudo-Stereo for Monocular 3D Object Detection in Autonomous Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Pseudo-Stereo_for_Monocular_3D_Object_Detection_in_Autonomous_Driving_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Syntax-Aware Network for Handwritten Mathematical Expression Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yuan_Syntax-Aware_Network_for_Handwritten_Mathematical_Expression_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Sketching Without Worrying: Noise-Tolerant Sketch-Based Image Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bhunia_Sketching_Without_Worrying_Noise-Tolerant_Sketch-Based_Image_Retrieval_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PUMP: Pyramidal and Uniqueness Matching Priors for Unsupervised Learning of Local Descriptors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Revaud_PUMP_Pyramidal_and_Uniqueness_Matching_Priors_for_Unsupervised_Learning_of_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deep Equilibrium Optical Flow Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bai_Deep_Equilibrium_Optical_Flow_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Joint Hand Motion and Interaction Hotspots Prediction From Egocentric Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Joint_Hand_Motion_and_Interaction_Hotspots_Prediction_From_Egocentric_Videos_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Revisiting the &quot;Video&quot; in Video-Language Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Buch_Revisiting_the_Video_in_Video-Language_Understanding_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Local Texture Estimator for Implicit Representation Function
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lee_Local_Texture_Estimator_for_Implicit_Representation_Function_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Voxel Graph CNN for Object Classification With Event Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Deng_A_Voxel_Graph_CNN_for_Object_Classification_With_Event_Cameras_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ViSTA: Vision and Scene Text Aggregation for Cross-Modal Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cheng_ViSTA_Vision_and_Scene_Text_Aggregation_for_Cross-Modal_Retrieval_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Likert Scoring With Grade Decoupling for Long-Term Action Assessment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_Likert_Scoring_With_Grade_Decoupling_for_Long-Term_Action_Assessment_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Many-to-Many Splatting for Efficient Video Frame Interpolation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hu_Many-to-Many_Splatting_for_Efficient_Video_Frame_Interpolation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning To Learn by Jointly Optimizing Neural Architecture and Weights
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ding_Learning_To_Learn_by_Jointly_Optimizing_Neural_Architecture_and_Weights_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Keypoint-Based Global Association Network for Lane Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_A_Keypoint-Based_Global_Association_Network_for_Lane_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Incremental Learning for Label-to-Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Few-Shot_Incremental_Learning_for_Label-to-Image_Translation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Recurrent Variational Network: A Deep Learning Inverse Problem Solver Applied to the Task of Accelerated MRI Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yiasemis_Recurrent_Variational_Network_A_Deep_Learning_Inverse_Problem_Solver_Applied_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CroMo: Cross-Modal Learning for Monocular Depth Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Verdie_CroMo_Cross-Modal_Learning_for_Monocular_Depth_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PanopticDepth: A Unified Framework for Depth-Aware Panoptic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gao_PanopticDepth_A_Unified_Framework_for_Depth-Aware_Panoptic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
3D Shape Reconstruction From 2D Images With Disentangled Attribute Flow
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wen_3D_Shape_Reconstruction_From_2D_Images_With_Disentangled_Attribute_Flow_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
OpenTAL: Towards Open Set Temporal Action Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bao_OpenTAL_Towards_Open_Set_Temporal_Action_Localization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Sparse and Complete Latent Organization for Geospatial Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Sparse_and_Complete_Latent_Organization_for_Geospatial_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ST++: Make Self-Training Work Better for Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_ST_Make_Self-Training_Work_Better_for_Semi-Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Interacting Attention Graph for Single Image Two-Hand Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Interacting_Attention_Graph_for_Single_Image_Two-Hand_Reconstruction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Exploring and Evaluating Image Restoration Potential in Dynamic Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Exploring_and_Evaluating_Image_Restoration_Potential_in_Dynamic_Scenes_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Simulated Adversarial Testing of Face Recognition Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ruiz_Simulated_Adversarial_Testing_of_Face_Recognition_Models_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CAT-Det: Contrastively Augmented Transformer for Multi-Modal 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_CAT-Det_Contrastively_Augmented_Transformer_for_Multi-Modal_3D_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Diversity Matters: Fully Exploiting Depth Clues for Reliable Monocular 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Diversity_Matters_Fully_Exploiting_Depth_Clues_for_Reliable_Monocular_3D_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ST-MFNet: A Spatio-Temporal Multi-Flow Network for Frame Interpolation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Danier_ST-MFNet_A_Spatio-Temporal_Multi-Flow_Network_for_Frame_Interpolation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Super-Resolution for Multi-Exposure Push-Frame Satellites
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Nguyen_Self-Supervised_Super-Resolution_for_Multi-Exposure_Push-Frame_Satellites_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Stability-Driven Contact Reconstruction From Monocular Color Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhao_Stability-Driven_Contact_Reconstruction_From_Monocular_Color_Images_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Texture-Based Error Analysis for Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Magid_Texture-Based_Error_Analysis_for_Image_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PILC: Practical Image Lossless Compression With an End-to-End GPU Oriented Neural Framework
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kang_PILC_Practical_Image_Lossless_Compression_With_an_End-to-End_GPU_Oriented_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning To Align Sequential Actions in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Learning_To_Align_Sequential_Actions_in_the_Wild_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GCR: Gradient Coreset Based Replay Buffer Selection for Continual Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tiwari_GCR_Gradient_Coreset_Based_Replay_Buffer_Selection_for_Continual_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deep Color Consistent Network for Low-Light Image Enhancement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Deep_Color_Consistent_Network_for_Low-Light_Image_Enhancement_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
AdaSTE: An Adaptive Straight-Through Estimator To Train Binary Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Le_AdaSTE_An_Adaptive_Straight-Through_Estimator_To_Train_Binary_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Pooling Revisited: Your Receptive Field Is Suboptimal
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jang_Pooling_Revisited_Your_Receptive_Field_Is_Suboptimal_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Show Me What and Tell Me How: Video Synthesis via Multimodal Conditioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Han_Show_Me_What_and_Tell_Me_How_Video_Synthesis_via_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Confidence Propagation Cluster: Unleash Full Potential of Object Detectors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shen_Confidence_Propagation_Cluster_Unleash_Full_Potential_of_Object_Detectors_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ISNet: Shape Matters for Infrared Small Target Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_ISNet_Shape_Matters_for_Infrared_Small_Target_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Segment, Magnify and Reiterate: Detecting Camouflaged Objects the Hard Way
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jia_Segment_Magnify_and_Reiterate_Detecting_Camouflaged_Objects_the_Hard_Way_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SIMBAR: Single Image-Based Scene Relighting for Effective Data Augmentation for Automated Driving Vision Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_SIMBAR_Single_Image-Based_Scene_Relighting_for_Effective_Data_Augmentation_for_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multi-Label Classification With Partial Annotations Using Class-Aware Selective Loss
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ben-Baruch_Multi-Label_Classification_With_Partial_Annotations_Using_Class-Aware_Selective_Loss_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Weakly-Supervised Metric Learning With Cross-Module Communications for the Classification of Anterior Chamber Angle Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huang_Weakly-Supervised_Metric_Learning_With_Cross-Module_Communications_for_the_Classification_of_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Rethinking Semantic Segmentation: A Prototype View
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhou_Rethinking_Semantic_Segmentation_A_Prototype_View_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Cross-Model Pseudo-Labeling for Semi-Supervised Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_Cross-Model_Pseudo-Labeling_for_Semi-Supervised_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
UMT: Unified Multi-Modal Transformers for Joint Video Moment Retrieval and Highlight Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_UMT_Unified_Multi-Modal_Transformers_for_Joint_Video_Moment_Retrieval_and_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Image Disentanglement Autoencoder for Steganography Without Embedding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Image_Disentanglement_Autoencoder_for_Steganography_Without_Embedding_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PolyWorld: Polygonal Building Extraction With Graph Neural Networks in Satellite Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zorzi_PolyWorld_Polygonal_Building_Extraction_With_Graph_Neural_Networks_in_Satellite_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Pixel-Level Distinctions for Video Highlight Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wei_Learning_Pixel-Level_Distinctions_for_Video_Highlight_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Noise Distribution Adaptive Self-Supervised Image Denoising Using Tweedie Distribution and Score Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_Noise_Distribution_Adaptive_Self-Supervised_Image_Denoising_Using_Tweedie_Distribution_and_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
KNN Local Attention for Image Restoration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lee_KNN_Local_Attention_for_Image_Restoration_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Face Relighting With Geometrically Consistent Shadows
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hou_Face_Relighting_With_Geometrically_Consistent_Shadows_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Open-Set Text Recognition via Character-Context Decoupling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Open-Set_Text_Recognition_via_Character-Context_Decoupling_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Image Animation With Perturbed Masks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shalev_Image_Animation_With_Perturbed_Masks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Domain Generalization via Shuffled Style Assembly for Face Anti-Spoofing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Domain_Generalization_via_Shuffled_Style_Assembly_for_Face_Anti-Spoofing_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
OcclusionFusion: Occlusion-Aware Motion Estimation for Real-Time Dynamic 3D Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lin_OcclusionFusion_Occlusion-Aware_Motion_Estimation_for_Real-Time_Dynamic_3D_Reconstruction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MonoScene: Monocular 3D Semantic Scene Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cao_MonoScene_Monocular_3D_Semantic_Scene_Completion_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
What&#x27;s in Your Hands? 3D Reconstruction of Generic Objects in Hands
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ye_Whats_in_Your_Hands_3D_Reconstruction_of_Generic_Objects_in_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RecDis-SNN: Rectifying Membrane Potential Distribution for Directly Training Spiking Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guo_RecDis-SNN_Rectifying_Membrane_Potential_Distribution_for_Directly_Training_Spiking_Neural_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Human-Aware Object Placement for Visual Environment Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yi_Human-Aware_Object_Placement_for_Visual_Environment_Reconstruction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
X-Pool: Cross-Modal Language-Video Attention for Text-Video Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gorti_X-Pool_Cross-Modal_Language-Video_Attention_for_Text-Video_Retrieval_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Weakly-Supervised Text Spotting Using a Multi-Task Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kittenplon_Towards_Weakly-Supervised_Text_Spotting_Using_a_Multi-Task_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Gated2Gated: Self-Supervised Depth Estimation From Gated Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Walia_Gated2Gated_Self-Supervised_Depth_Estimation_From_Gated_Images_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Mask Transfiner for High-Quality Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ke_Mask_Transfiner_for_High-Quality_Instance_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
End-to-End Reconstruction-Classification Learning for Face Forgery Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cao_End-to-End_Reconstruction-Classification_Learning_for_Face_Forgery_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Watch It Move: Unsupervised Discovery of 3D Joints for Re-Posing of Articulated Objects
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Noguchi_Watch_It_Move_Unsupervised_Discovery_of_3D_Joints_for_Re-Posing_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Event-Based Video Reconstruction via Potential-Assisted Spiking Neural Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhu_Event-Based_Video_Reconstruction_via_Potential-Assisted_Spiking_Neural_Network_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Efficient Maximal Coding Rate Reduction by Variational Forms
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Baek_Efficient_Maximal_Coding_Rate_Reduction_by_Variational_Forms_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
AutoLoss-GMS: Searching Generalized Margin-Based Softmax Loss Function for Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gu_AutoLoss-GMS_Searching_Generalized_Margin-Based_Softmax_Loss_Function_for_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Sound-Guided Semantic Image Manipulation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lee_Sound-Guided_Semantic_Image_Manipulation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
End-to-End Human-Gaze-Target Detection With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tu_End-to-End_Human-Gaze-Target_Detection_With_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Compositional Temporal Grounding With Structured Variational Cross-Graph Correspondence Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Compositional_Temporal_Grounding_With_Structured_Variational_Cross-Graph_Correspondence_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Future Transformer for Long-Term Action Anticipation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gong_Future_Transformer_for_Long-Term_Action_Anticipation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Video Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ranasinghe_Self-Supervised_Video_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
AutoRF: Learning 3D Object Radiance Fields From Single View Observations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Muller_AutoRF_Learning_3D_Object_Radiance_Fields_From_Single_View_Observations_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Condensing CNNs With Partial Differential Equations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kag_Condensing_CNNs_With_Partial_Differential_Equations_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Hierarchical Semantic Segmentation With Multiview Cosegmentation and Clustering Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ke_Unsupervised_Hierarchical_Semantic_Segmentation_With_Multiview_Cosegmentation_and_Clustering_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Kubric: A Scalable Dataset Generator
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Greff_Kubric_A_Scalable_Dataset_Generator_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Unpaired Deep Image Deraining Using Dual Contrastive Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Unpaired_Deep_Image_Deraining_Using_Dual_Contrastive_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
TransFusion: Robust LiDAR-Camera Fusion for 3D Object Detection With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bai_TransFusion_Robust_LiDAR-Camera_Fusion_for_3D_Object_Detection_With_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Complex Video Action Reasoning via Learnable Markov Logic Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jin_Complex_Video_Action_Reasoning_via_Learnable_Markov_Logic_Network_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Per-Clip Video Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Park_Per-Clip_Video_Object_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Coarse-To-Fine Feature Mining for Video Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sun_Coarse-To-Fine_Feature_Mining_for_Video_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Compressing Models With Few Samples: Mimicking Then Replacing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Compressing_Models_With_Few_Samples_Mimicking_Then_Replacing_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Zoom in and Out: A Mixed-Scale Triplet Network for Camouflaged Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Pang_Zoom_in_and_Out_A_Mixed-Scale_Triplet_Network_for_Camouflaged_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MISF: Multi-Level Interactive Siamese Filtering for High-Fidelity Image Inpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_MISF_Multi-Level_Interactive_Siamese_Filtering_for_High-Fidelity_Image_Inpainting_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
An Efficient Training Approach for Very Large Scale Face Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_An_Efficient_Training_Approach_for_Very_Large_Scale_Face_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Long-Term Video Frame Interpolation via Feature Propagation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Argaw_Long-Term_Video_Frame_Interpolation_via_Feature_Propagation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Group Contextualization for Video Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hao_Group_Contextualization_for_Video_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Single-Domain Generalized Object Detection in Urban Scene via Cyclic-Disentangled Self-Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_Single-Domain_Generalized_Object_Detection_in_Urban_Scene_via_Cyclic-Disentangled_Self-Distillation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Rethinking Bayesian Deep Learning Methods for Semi-Supervised Volumetric Medical Image Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Rethinking_Bayesian_Deep_Learning_Methods_for_Semi-Supervised_Volumetric_Medical_Image_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Continual Learning With Lifelong Vision Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Continual_Learning_With_Lifelong_Vision_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Accurate 3D Body Shape Regression Using Metric and Semantic Attributes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Choutas_Accurate_3D_Body_Shape_Regression_Using_Metric_and_Semantic_Attributes_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Privacy-Preserving Online AutoML for Domain-Specific Face Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yan_Privacy-Preserving_Online_AutoML_for_Domain-Specific_Face_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Self-Augmented Unpaired Image Dehazing via Density and Depth Decomposition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Self-Augmented_Unpaired_Image_Dehazing_via_Density_and_Depth_Decomposition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Sparse Object-Level Supervision for Instance Segmentation With Pixel Embeddings
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wolny_Sparse_Object-Level_Supervision_for_Instance_Segmentation_With_Pixel_Embeddings_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
How Much More Data Do I Need? Estimating Requirements for Downstream Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mahmood_How_Much_More_Data_Do_I_Need_Estimating_Requirements_for_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
The Implicit Values of a Good Hand Shake: Handheld Multi-Frame Neural Depth Refinement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chugunov_The_Implicit_Values_of_a_Good_Hand_Shake_Handheld_Multi-Frame_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Unsupervised Domain Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Towards_Unsupervised_Domain_Generalization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HyperTransformer: A Textural and Spectral Feature Fusion Transformer for Pansharpening
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bandara_HyperTransformer_A_Textural_and_Spectral_Feature_Fusion_Transformer_for_Pansharpening_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Segment-Fusion: Hierarchical Context Fusion for Robust 3D Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Thyagharajan_Segment-Fusion_Hierarchical_Context_Fusion_for_Robust_3D_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MonoGround: Detecting Monocular 3D Objects From the Ground
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Qin_MonoGround_Detecting_Monocular_3D_Objects_From_the_Ground_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Semiconductor Defect Detection by Hybrid Classical-Quantum Deep Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Semiconductor_Defect_Detection_by_Hybrid_Classical-Quantum_Deep_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
StyleGAN-V: A Continuous Video Generator With the Price, Image Quality and Perks of StyleGAN2
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Skorokhodov_StyleGAN-V_A_Continuous_Video_Generator_With_the_Price_Image_Quality_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Pin the Memory: Learning To Generalize Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_Pin_the_Memory_Learning_To_Generalize_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Iterative Deep Homography Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cao_Iterative_Deep_Homography_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Colar: Effective and Efficient Online Action Detection by Consulting Exemplars
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Colar_Effective_and_Efficient_Online_Action_Detection_by_Consulting_Exemplars_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Gaussian Process Modeling of Approximate Inference Errors for Variational Autoencoders
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_Gaussian_Process_Modeling_of_Approximate_Inference_Errors_for_Variational_Autoencoders_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SoftGroup for 3D Instance Segmentation on Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Vu_SoftGroup_for_3D_Instance_Segmentation_on_Point_Clouds_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SharpContour: A Contour-Based Boundary Refinement Approach for Efficient and Accurate Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhu_SharpContour_A_Contour-Based_Boundary_Refinement_Approach_for_Efficient_and_Accurate_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Beyond Semantic to Instance Segmentation: Weakly-Supervised Instance Segmentation via Semantic Knowledge Transfer and Self-Refinement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_Beyond_Semantic_to_Instance_Segmentation_Weakly-Supervised_Instance_Segmentation_via_Semantic_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
EDTER: Edge Detection With Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Pu_EDTER_Edge_Detection_With_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
JIFF: Jointly-Aligned Implicit Face Function for High Quality Single View Clothed Human Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cao_JIFF_Jointly-Aligned_Implicit_Face_Function_for_High_Quality_Single_View_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Semantic-Aware Domain Generalized Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Peng_Semantic-Aware_Domain_Generalized_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Egocentric Scene Understanding via Multimodal Spatial Rectifier
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Do_Egocentric_Scene_Understanding_via_Multimodal_Spatial_Rectifier_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation Using Unreliable Pseudo-Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Semi-Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_Using_Unreliable_Pseudo-Labels_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Estimating Example Difficulty Using Variance of Gradients
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Agarwal_Estimating_Example_Difficulty_Using_Variance_of_Gradients_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
One Loss for Quantization: Deep Hashing With Discrete Wasserstein Distributional Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Doan_One_Loss_for_Quantization_Deep_Hashing_With_Discrete_Wasserstein_Distributional_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Pixel Screening Based Intermediate Correction for Blind Deblurring
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Pixel_Screening_Based_Intermediate_Correction_for_Blind_Deblurring_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Continual Object Detection via Prototypical Task Correlation Guided Gating Mechanism
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Continual_Object_Detection_via_Prototypical_Task_Correlation_Guided_Gating_Mechanism_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DATA: Domain-Aware and Task-Aware Self-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chang_DATA_Domain-Aware_and_Task-Aware_Self-Supervised_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Voxel Set Transformer: A Set-to-Set Approach to 3D Object Detection From Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/He_Voxel_Set_Transformer_A_Set-to-Set_Approach_to_3D_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Siamese Contrastive Embedding Network for Compositional Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Siamese_Contrastive_Embedding_Network_for_Compositional_Zero-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ZebraPose: Coarse To Fine Surface Encoding for 6DoF Object Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Su_ZebraPose_Coarse_To_Fine_Surface_Encoding_for_6DoF_Object_Pose_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ATPFL: Automatic Trajectory Prediction Model Design Under Federated Learning Framework
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_ATPFL_Automatic_Trajectory_Prediction_Model_Design_Under_Federated_Learning_Framework_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Revisiting Learnable Affines for Batch Norm in Few-Shot Transfer Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yazdanpanah_Revisiting_Learnable_Affines_for_Batch_Norm_in_Few-Shot_Transfer_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Exact Feature Distribution Matching for Arbitrary Style Transfer and Domain Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Exact_Feature_Distribution_Matching_for_Arbitrary_Style_Transfer_and_Domain_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Balanced and Hierarchical Relation Learning for One-Shot Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Balanced_and_Hierarchical_Relation_Learning_for_One-Shot_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Delving Deep Into the Generalization of Vision Transformers Under Distribution Shifts
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Delving_Deep_Into_the_Generalization_of_Vision_Transformers_Under_Distribution_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HyperDet3D: Learning a Scene-Conditioned 3D Object Detector
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zheng_HyperDet3D_Learning_a_Scene-Conditioned_3D_Object_Detector_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Motion-Aware Contrastive Video Representation Learning via Foreground-Background Merging
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ding_Motion-Aware_Contrastive_Video_Representation_Learning_via_Foreground-Background_Merging_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DINE: Domain Adaptation From Single and Multiple Black-Box Predictors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liang_DINE_Domain_Adaptation_From_Single_and_Multiple_Black-Box_Predictors_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multi-View Mesh Reconstruction With Neural Deferred Shading
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Worchel_Multi-View_Mesh_Reconstruction_With_Neural_Deferred_Shading_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
High-Resolution Face Swapping via Latent Semantics Disentanglement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_High-Resolution_Face_Swapping_via_Latent_Semantics_Disentanglement_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deep Vanishing Point Detection: Geometric Priors Make Dataset Variations Vanish
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lin_Deep_Vanishing_Point_Detection_Geometric_Priors_Make_Dataset_Variations_Vanish_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural Compression-Based Feature Learning for Video Restoration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huang_Neural_Compression-Based_Feature_Learning_for_Video_Restoration_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Expanding Low-Density Latent Regions for Open-Set Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Han_Expanding_Low-Density_Latent_Regions_for_Open-Set_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Exploring Dual-Task Correlation for Pose Guided Person Image Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Exploring_Dual-Task_Correlation_for_Pose_Guided_Person_Image_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural Rays for Occlusion-Aware Image-Based Rendering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Neural_Rays_for_Occlusion-Aware_Image-Based_Rendering_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Modeling 3D Layout for Group Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Modeling_3D_Layout_for_Group_Re-Identification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Toward Fast, Flexible, and Robust Low-Light Image Enhancement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ma_Toward_Fast_Flexible_and_Robust_Low-Light_Image_Enhancement_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Highly-Efficient Incomplete Large-Scale Multi-View Clustering With Consensus Bipartite Graph
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Highly-Efficient_Incomplete_Large-Scale_Multi-View_Clustering_With_Consensus_Bipartite_Graph_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Principled Disentanglement for Domain Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Towards_Principled_Disentanglement_for_Domain_Generalization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Discrete Cosine Transform Network for Guided Depth Map Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhao_Discrete_Cosine_Transform_Network_for_Guided_Depth_Map_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Iterative Corresponding Geometry: Fusing Region and Depth for Highly Efficient 3D Tracking of Textureless Objects
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Stoiber_Iterative_Corresponding_Geometry_Fusing_Region_and_Depth_for_Highly_Efficient_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multi-Instance Point Cloud Registration by Efficient Correspondence Clustering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tang_Multi-Instance_Point_Cloud_Registration_by_Efficient_Correspondence_Clustering_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Contrastive Boundary Learning for Point Cloud Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tang_Contrastive_Boundary_Learning_for_Point_Cloud_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Details or Artifacts: A Locally Discriminative Learning Approach to Realistic Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liang_Details_or_Artifacts_A_Locally_Discriminative_Learning_Approach_to_Realistic_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Projective Manifold Gradient Layer for Deep Rotation Regression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Projective_Manifold_Gradient_Layer_for_Deep_Rotation_Regression_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
It&#x27;s Time for Artistic Correspondence in Music and Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Suris_Its_Time_for_Artistic_Correspondence_in_Music_and_Video_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Mixed Differential Privacy in Computer Vision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Golatkar_Mixed_Differential_Privacy_in_Computer_Vision_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HCSC: Hierarchical Contrastive Selective Coding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guo_HCSC_Hierarchical_Contrastive_Selective_Coding_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
KeyTr: Keypoint Transporter for 3D Reconstruction of Deformable Objects in Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Novotny_KeyTr_Keypoint_Transporter_for_3D_Reconstruction_of_Deformable_Objects_in_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Lepard: Learning Partial Point Cloud Matching in Rigid and Deformable Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Lepard_Learning_Partial_Point_Cloud_Matching_in_Rigid_and_Deformable_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Pushing the Limits of Simple Pipelines for Few-Shot Learning: External Data and Fine-Tuning Make a Difference
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hu_Pushing_the_Limits_of_Simple_Pipelines_for_Few-Shot_Learning_External_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
VISTA: Boosting 3D Object Detection via Dual Cross-VIew SpaTial Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Deng_VISTA_Boosting_3D_Object_Detection_via_Dual_Cross-VIew_SpaTial_Attention_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Rethinking Deep Face Restoration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhao_Rethinking_Deep_Face_Restoration_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Study on the Distribution of Social Biases in Self-Supervised Learning Visual Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sirotkin_A_Study_on_the_Distribution_of_Social_Biases_in_Self-Supervised_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
On the Instability of Relative Pose Estimation and RANSAC&#x27;s Role
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fan_On_the_Instability_of_Relative_Pose_Estimation_and_RANSACs_Role_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SNUG: Self-Supervised Neural Dynamic Garments
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Santesteban_SNUG_Self-Supervised_Neural_Dynamic_Garments_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Fewer Annotations: Active Learning via Region Impurity and Prediction Uncertainty for Domain Adaptive Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xie_Towards_Fewer_Annotations_Active_Learning_via_Region_Impurity_and_Prediction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CrossPoint: Self-Supervised Cross-Modal Contrastive Learning for 3D Point Cloud Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Afham_CrossPoint_Self-Supervised_Cross-Modal_Contrastive_Learning_for_3D_Point_Cloud_Understanding_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Target-Relevant Knowledge Preservation for Multi-Source Domain Adaptive Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_Target-Relevant_Knowledge_Preservation_for_Multi-Source_Domain_Adaptive_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Safe Self-Refinement for Transformer-Based Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sun_Safe_Self-Refinement_for_Transformer-Based_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
StyleMesh: Style Transfer for Indoor 3D Scene Reconstructions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hollein_StyleMesh_Style_Transfer_for_Indoor_3D_Scene_Reconstructions_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Which Model To Transfer? Finding the Needle in the Growing Haystack
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Renggli_Which_Model_To_Transfer_Finding_the_Needle_in_the_Growing_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Class-Incremental Learning With Strong Pre-Trained Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_Class-Incremental_Learning_With_Strong_Pre-Trained_Models_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
IRON: Inverse Rendering by Optimizing Neural SDFs and Materials From Photometric Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_IRON_Inverse_Rendering_by_Optimizing_Neural_SDFs_and_Materials_From_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ObjectFolder 2.0: A Multisensory Object Dataset for Sim2Real Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gao_ObjectFolder_2.0_A_Multisensory_Object_Dataset_for_Sim2Real_Transfer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
POCO: Point Convolution for Surface Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Boulch_POCO_Point_Convolution_for_Surface_Reconstruction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Font Generation by Learning Fine-Grained Local Styles
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tang_Few-Shot_Font_Generation_by_Learning_Fine-Grained_Local_Styles_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DiffPoseNet: Direct Differentiable Camera Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Parameshwara_DiffPoseNet_Direct_Differentiable_Camera_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
The Flag Median and FlagIRLS
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mankovich_The_Flag_Median_and_FlagIRLS_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
FENeRF: Face Editing in Neural Radiance Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sun_FENeRF_Face_Editing_in_Neural_Radiance_Fields_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Remember Intentions: Retrospective-Memory-Based Trajectory Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_Remember_Intentions_Retrospective-Memory-Based_Trajectory_Prediction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Framework for Learning Ante-Hoc Explainable Models via Concepts
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sarkar_A_Framework_for_Learning_Ante-Hoc_Explainable_Models_via_Concepts_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Rethinking Architecture Design for Tackling Data Heterogeneity in Federated Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Qu_Rethinking_Architecture_Design_for_Tackling_Data_Heterogeneity_in_Federated_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Global Sensing and Measurements Reuse for Image Compressed Sensing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fan_Global_Sensing_and_Measurements_Reuse_for_Image_Compressed_Sensing_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Convolutions for Spatial Interaction Modeling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Su_Convolutions_for_Spatial_Interaction_Modeling_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Distinguishing Unseen From Seen for Generalized Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Su_Distinguishing_Unseen_From_Seen_for_Generalized_Zero-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Online Continual Learning on a Contaminated Data Stream With Blurry Task Boundaries
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bang_Online_Continual_Learning_on_a_Contaminated_Data_Stream_With_Blurry_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning To Imagine: Diversify Memory for Incremental Learning Using Unlabeled Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tang_Learning_To_Imagine_Diversify_Memory_for_Incremental_Learning_Using_Unlabeled_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Exploring Domain-Invariant Parameters for Source Free Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Exploring_Domain-Invariant_Parameters_for_Source_Free_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
C2AM Loss: Chasing a Better Decision Boundary for Long-Tail Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_C2AM_Loss_Chasing_a_Better_Decision_Boundary_for_Long-Tail_Object_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Bi-Directional Object-Context Prioritization Learning for Saliency Ranking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tian_Bi-Directional_Object-Context_Prioritization_Learning_for_Saliency_Ranking_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
What Do Navigation Agents Learn About Their Environment?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dwivedi_What_Do_Navigation_Agents_Learn_About_Their_Environment_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CoordGAN: Self-Supervised Dense Correspondences Emerge From GANs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mu_CoordGAN_Self-Supervised_Dense_Correspondences_Emerge_From_GANs_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PSMNet: Position-Aware Stereo Merging Network for Room Layout Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_PSMNet_Position-Aware_Stereo_Merging_Network_for_Room_Layout_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Attribute Surrogates Learning and Spectral Tokens Pooling in Transformers for Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/He_Attribute_Surrogates_Learning_and_Spectral_Tokens_Pooling_in_Transformers_for_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Generalized Category Discovery
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Vaze_Generalized_Category_Discovery_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Maximum Consensus by Weighted Influences of Monotone Boolean Functions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Maximum_Consensus_by_Weighted_Influences_of_Monotone_Boolean_Functions_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
TransforMatcher: Match-to-Match Attention for Semantic Correspondence
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_TransforMatcher_Match-to-Match_Attention_for_Semantic_Correspondence_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Robust Outlier Detection by De-Biasing VAE Likelihoods
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chauhan_Robust_Outlier_Detection_by_De-Biasing_VAE_Likelihoods_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Point2Seq: Detecting 3D Objects As Sequences
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xue_Point2Seq_Detecting_3D_Objects_As_Sequences_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Task-Adaptive Negative Envision for Few-Shot Open-Set Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huang_Task-Adaptive_Negative_Envision_for_Few-Shot_Open-Set_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MixFormer: Mixing Features Across Windows and Dimensions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_MixFormer_Mixing_Features_Across_Windows_and_Dimensions_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Contextual Similarity Distillation for Asymmetric Image Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_Contextual_Similarity_Distillation_for_Asymmetric_Image_Retrieval_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DASO: Distribution-Aware Semantics-Oriented Pseudo-Label for Imbalanced Semi-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Oh_DASO_Distribution-Aware_Semantics-Oriented_Pseudo-Label_for_Imbalanced_Semi-Supervised_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Mobile-Former: Bridging MobileNet and Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Mobile-Former_Bridging_MobileNet_and_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DESTR: Object Detection With Split Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/He_DESTR_Object_Detection_With_Split_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
IterMVS: Iterative Probability Estimation for Efficient Multi-View Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_IterMVS_Iterative_Probability_Estimation_for_Efficient_Multi-View_Stereo_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
FedCorr: Multi-Stage Federated Learning for Label Noise Correction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_FedCorr_Multi-Stage_Federated_Learning_for_Label_Noise_Correction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Source-Free Object Detection by Learning To Overlook Domain Style
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Source-Free_Object_Detection_by_Learning_To_Overlook_Domain_Style_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SceneSqueezer: Learning To Compress Scene for Camera Relocalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_SceneSqueezer_Learning_To_Compress_Scene_for_Camera_Relocalization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SelfRecon: Self Reconstruction Your Digital Avatar From Monocular Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jiang_SelfRecon_Self_Reconstruction_Your_Digital_Avatar_From_Monocular_Video_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Models Are Continual Learners
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fini_Self-Supervised_Models_Are_Continual_Learners_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Dreaming To Prune Image Deraining Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zou_Dreaming_To_Prune_Image_Deraining_Networks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Exploiting Explainable Metrics for Augmented SGD
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hosseini_Exploiting_Explainable_Metrics_for_Augmented_SGD_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Improving Neural Implicit Surfaces Geometry With Patch Warping
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Darmon_Improving_Neural_Implicit_Surfaces_Geometry_With_Patch_Warping_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CaDeX: Learning Canonical Deformation Coordinate Space for Dynamic Surface Representation via Neural Homeomorphism
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lei_CaDeX_Learning_Canonical_Deformation_Coordinate_Space_for_Dynamic_Surface_Representation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Layer-Wised Model Aggregation for Personalized Federated Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ma_Layer-Wised_Model_Aggregation_for_Personalized_Federated_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Unified Query-Based Paradigm for Point Cloud Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_A_Unified_Query-Based_Paradigm_for_Point_Cloud_Understanding_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multi-Object Tracking Meets Moving UAV
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Multi-Object_Tracking_Meets_Moving_UAV_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
REGTR: End-to-End Point Cloud Correspondences With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yew_REGTR_End-to-End_Point_Cloud_Correspondences_With_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural 3D Scene Reconstruction With the Manhattan-World Assumption
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guo_Neural_3D_Scene_Reconstruction_With_the_Manhattan-World_Assumption_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ElePose: Unsupervised 3D Human Pose Estimation by Predicting Camera Elevation and Learning Normalizing Flows on 2D Poses
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wandt_ElePose_Unsupervised_3D_Human_Pose_Estimation_by_Predicting_Camera_Elevation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
IDEA-Net: Dynamic 3D Point Cloud Interpolation via Deep Embedding Alignment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zeng_IDEA-Net_Dynamic_3D_Point_Cloud_Interpolation_via_Deep_Embedding_Alignment_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
UniCon: Combating Label Noise Through Uniform Selection and Contrastive Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Karim_UniCon_Combating_Label_Noise_Through_Uniform_Selection_and_Contrastive_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
One-Bit Active Query With Contrastive Pairs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_One-Bit_Active_Query_With_Contrastive_Pairs_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Rethinking Reconstruction Autoencoder-Based Out-of-Distribution Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhou_Rethinking_Reconstruction_Autoencoder-Based_Out-of-Distribution_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
E-CIR: Event-Enhanced Continuous Intensity Recovery
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Song_E-CIR_Event-Enhanced_Continuous_Intensity_Recovery_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Robust Rain Removal Against Adversarial Attacks: A Comprehensive Benchmark Analysis and Beyond
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yu_Towards_Robust_Rain_Removal_Against_Adversarial_Attacks_A_Comprehensive_Benchmark_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
AziNorm: Exploiting the Radial Symmetry of Point Cloud for Azimuth-Normalized 3D Perception
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_AziNorm_Exploiting_the_Radial_Symmetry_of_Point_Cloud_for_Azimuth-Normalized_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Surface Reconstruction From Point Clouds by Learning Predictive Context Priors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ma_Surface_Reconstruction_From_Point_Clouds_by_Learning_Predictive_Context_Priors_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Parametric Scattering Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gauthier_Parametric_Scattering_Networks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SketchEdit: Mask-Free Local Image Manipulation With Partial Sketches
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zeng_SketchEdit_Mask-Free_Local_Image_Manipulation_With_Partial_Sketches_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
BatchFormer: Learning To Explore Sample Relationships for Robust Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hou_BatchFormer_Learning_To_Explore_Sample_Relationships_for_Robust_Representation_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Multi-View Aggregation in the Wild for Large-Scale 3D Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Robert_Learning_Multi-View_Aggregation_in_the_Wild_for_Large-Scale_3D_Semantic_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Physically Disentangled Intra- and Inter-Domain Adaptation for Varicolored Haze Removal
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Physically_Disentangled_Intra-_and_Inter-Domain_Adaptation_for_Varicolored_Haze_Removal_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Representation Compensation Networks for Continual Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Representation_Compensation_Networks_for_Continual_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning To Solve Hard Minimal Problems
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hruby_Learning_To_Solve_Hard_Minimal_Problems_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Non-Generative Generalized Zero-Shot Learning via Task-Correlated Disentanglement and Controllable Samples Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Feng_Non-Generative_Generalized_Zero-Shot_Learning_via_Task-Correlated_Disentanglement_and_Controllable_Samples_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Forward Compatible Few-Shot Class-Incremental Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhou_Forward_Compatible_Few-Shot_Class-Incremental_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Ranking Distance Calibration for Cross-Domain Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Ranking_Distance_Calibration_for_Cross-Domain_Few-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Pixel Trajectories With Multiscale Contrastive Random Walks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bian_Learning_Pixel_Trajectories_With_Multiscale_Contrastive_Random_Walks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Correlation Mining Network for Person Image Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Self-Supervised_Correlation_Mining_Network_for_Person_Image_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Task Adaptive Parameter Sharing for Multi-Task Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wallingford_Task_Adaptive_Parameter_Sharing_for_Multi-Task_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Finding Badly Drawn Bunnies
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Finding_Badly_Drawn_Bunnies_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Transforming Model Prediction for Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mayer_Transforming_Model_Prediction_for_Tracking_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Open-Vocabulary Instance Segmentation via Robust Cross-Modal Pseudo-Labeling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huynh_Open-Vocabulary_Instance_Segmentation_via_Robust_Cross-Modal_Pseudo-Labeling_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Locality-Aware Inter- and Intra-Video Reconstruction for Self-Supervised Correspondence Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Locality-Aware_Inter-_and_Intra-Video_Reconstruction_for_Self-Supervised_Correspondence_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MeMOT: Multi-Object Tracking With Memory
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cai_MeMOT_Multi-Object_Tracking_With_Memory_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation With Error Localization Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kwon_Semi-Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_With_Error_Localization_Network_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Anomaly Detection via Reverse Distillation From One-Class Embedding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Deng_Anomaly_Detection_via_Reverse_Distillation_From_One-Class_Embedding_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Fine-Grained Object Classification via Self-Supervised Pose Alignment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Fine-Grained_Object_Classification_via_Self-Supervised_Pose_Alignment_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Spatio-Temporal Gating-Adjacency GCN for Human Motion Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhong_Spatio-Temporal_Gating-Adjacency_GCN_for_Human_Motion_Prediction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Back to Reality: Weakly-Supervised 3D Object Detection With Shape-Guided Label Enhancement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_Back_to_Reality_Weakly-Supervised_3D_Object_Detection_With_Shape-Guided_Label_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Long-Tail Recognition via Compositional Knowledge Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Parisot_Long-Tail_Recognition_via_Compositional_Knowledge_Transfer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Self-Taught Metric Learning Without Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_Self-Taught_Metric_Learning_Without_Labels_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Embracing Single Stride 3D Object Detector With Sparse Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fan_Embracing_Single_Stride_3D_Object_Detector_With_Sparse_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Relieving Long-Tailed Instance Segmentation via Pairwise Class Balance
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/He_Relieving_Long-Tailed_Instance_Segmentation_via_Pairwise_Class_Balance_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Task2Sim: Towards Effective Pre-Training and Transfer From Synthetic Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mishra_Task2Sim_Towards_Effective_Pre-Training_and_Transfer_From_Synthetic_Data_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Part-Based Pseudo Label Refinement for Unsupervised Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cho_Part-Based_Pseudo_Label_Refinement_for_Unsupervised_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
OW-DETR: Open-World Detection Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gupta_OW-DETR_Open-World_Detection_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Correlation Verification for Image Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lee_Correlation_Verification_for_Image_Retrieval_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Pastiche Master: Exemplar-Based High-Resolution Portrait Style Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Pastiche_Master_Exemplar-Based_High-Resolution_Portrait_Style_Transfer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning To Memorize Feature Hallucination for One-Shot Image Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xie_Learning_To_Memorize_Feature_Hallucination_for_One-Shot_Image_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deterministic Point Cloud Registration via Novel Transformation Decomposition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Deterministic_Point_Cloud_Registration_via_Novel_Transformation_Decomposition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural Prior for Trajectory Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Neural_Prior_for_Trajectory_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Rethinking Depth Estimation for Multi-View Stereo: A Unified Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Peng_Rethinking_Depth_Estimation_for_Multi-View_Stereo_A_Unified_Representation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Long-Tailed Recognition via Weight Balancing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Alshammari_Long-Tailed_Recognition_via_Weight_Balancing_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ShapeFormer: Transformer-Based Shape Completion via Sparse Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yan_ShapeFormer_Transformer-Based_Shape_Completion_via_Sparse_Representation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Optical Flow With Kernel Patch Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Luo_Learning_Optical_Flow_With_Kernel_Patch_Attention_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Global-Aware Registration of Less-Overlap RGB-D Scans
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sun_Global-Aware_Registration_of_Less-Overlap_RGB-D_Scans_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RayMVSNet: Learning Ray-Based 1D Implicit Fields for Accurate Multi-View Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xi_RayMVSNet_Learning_Ray-Based_1D_Implicit_Fields_for_Accurate_Multi-View_Stereo_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural MoCon: Neural Motion Control for Physically Plausible Human Motion Capture
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huang_Neural_MoCon_Neural_Motion_Control_for_Physically_Plausible_Human_Motion_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Revisiting Temporal Alignment for Video Restoration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhou_Revisiting_Temporal_Alignment_for_Video_Restoration_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
OVE6D: Object Viewpoint Encoding for Depth-Based 6D Object Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cai_OVE6D_Object_Viewpoint_Encoding_for_Depth-Based_6D_Object_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
WALT: Watch and Learn 2D Amodal Representation From Time-Lapse Imagery
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Reddy_WALT_Watch_and_Learn_2D_Amodal_Representation_From_Time-Lapse_Imagery_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GradViT: Gradient Inversion of Vision Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hatamizadeh_GradViT_Gradient_Inversion_of_Vision_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Joint Global and Local Hierarchical Priors for Learned Image Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_Joint_Global_and_Local_Hierarchical_Priors_for_Learned_Image_Compression_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Image Segmentation Using Text and Image Prompts
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Luddecke_Image_Segmentation_Using_Text_and_Image_Prompts_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
How Many Observations Are Enough? Knowledge Distillation for Trajectory Forecasting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Monti_How_Many_Observations_Are_Enough_Knowledge_Distillation_for_Trajectory_Forecasting_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
The Two Dimensions of Worst-Case Training and Their Integrated Effect for Out-of-Domain Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huang_The_Two_Dimensions_of_Worst-Case_Training_and_Their_Integrated_Effect_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Global Tracking Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhou_Global_Tracking_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GMFlow: Learning Optical Flow via Global Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_GMFlow_Learning_Optical_Flow_via_Global_Matching_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Hierarchical Cross-Modal Association for Co-Speech Gesture Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Learning_Hierarchical_Cross-Modal_Association_for_Co-Speech_Gesture_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Scanline Homographies for Rolling-Shutter Plane Absolute Pose
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bai_Scanline_Homographies_for_Rolling-Shutter_Plane_Absolute_Pose_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Spectral Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Visual Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Spectral_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_for_Visual_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Recurrent Glimpse-Based Decoder for Detection With Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Recurrent_Glimpse-Based_Decoder_for_Detection_With_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SimMIM: A Simple Framework for Masked Image Modeling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xie_SimMIM_A_Simple_Framework_for_Masked_Image_Modeling_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
BCOT: A Markerless High-Precision 3D Object Tracking Benchmark
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_BCOT_A_Markerless_High-Precision_3D_Object_Tracking_Benchmark_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Omni-DETR: Omni-Supervised Object Detection With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Omni-DETR_Omni-Supervised_Object_Detection_With_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Improving Adversarially Robust Few-Shot Image Classification With Generalizable Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dong_Improving_Adversarially_Robust_Few-Shot_Image_Classification_With_Generalizable_Representations_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CREAM: Weakly Supervised Object Localization via Class RE-Activation Mapping
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_CREAM_Weakly_Supervised_Object_Localization_via_Class_RE-Activation_Mapping_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
APRIL: Finding the Achilles&#x27; Heel on Privacy for Vision Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lu_APRIL_Finding_the_Achilles_Heel_on_Privacy_for_Vision_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Text Spotting Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Text_Spotting_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Mip-NeRF 360: Unbounded Anti-Aliased Neural Radiance Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Barron_Mip-NeRF_360_Unbounded_Anti-Aliased_Neural_Radiance_Fields_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Incorporating Semi-Supervised and Positive-Unlabeled Learning for Boosting Full Reference Image Quality Assessment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cao_Incorporating_Semi-Supervised_and_Positive-Unlabeled_Learning_for_Boosting_Full_Reference_Image_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HINT: Hierarchical Neuron Concept Explainer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_HINT_Hierarchical_Neuron_Concept_Explainer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Target-Aware Dual Adversarial Learning and a Multi-Scenario Multi-Modality Benchmark To Fuse Infrared and Visible for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Target-Aware_Dual_Adversarial_Learning_and_a_Multi-Scenario_Multi-Modality_Benchmark_To_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
En-Compactness: Self-Distillation Embedding &amp; Contrastive Generation for Generalized Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kong_En-Compactness_Self-Distillation_Embedding__Contrastive_Generation_for_Generalized_Zero-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
LC-FDNet: Learned Lossless Image Compression With Frequency Decomposition Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Rhee_LC-FDNet_Learned_Lossless_Image_Compression_With_Frequency_Decomposition_Network_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deep Rectangling for Image Stitching: A Learning Baseline
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Nie_Deep_Rectangling_for_Image_Stitching_A_Learning_Baseline_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PCL: Proxy-Based Contrastive Learning for Domain Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yao_PCL_Proxy-Based_Contrastive_Learning_for_Domain_Generalization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SurfEmb: Dense and Continuous Correspondence Distributions for Object Pose Estimation With Learnt Surface Embeddings
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Haugaard_SurfEmb_Dense_and_Continuous_Correspondence_Distributions_for_Object_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Learning of Accurate Siamese Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shen_Unsupervised_Learning_of_Accurate_Siamese_Tracking_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Unified Transformer Tracker for Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ma_Unified_Transformer_Tracker_for_Object_Tracking_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Non-Parametric Depth Distribution Modelling Based Depth Inference for Multi-View Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Non-Parametric_Depth_Distribution_Modelling_Based_Depth_Inference_for_Multi-View_Stereo_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Equalized Focal Loss for Dense Long-Tailed Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Equalized_Focal_Loss_for_Dense_Long-Tailed_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DeepDPM: Deep Clustering With an Unknown Number of Clusters
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ronen_DeepDPM_Deep_Clustering_With_an_Unknown_Number_of_Clusters_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Spiking Transformers for Event-Based Single Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Spiking_Transformers_for_Event-Based_Single_Object_Tracking_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Nighttime Aerial Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ye_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_for_Nighttime_Aerial_Tracking_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Balanced Multimodal Learning via On-the-Fly Gradient Modulation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Peng_Balanced_Multimodal_Learning_via_On-the-Fly_Gradient_Modulation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Causality Inspired Representation Learning for Domain Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lv_Causality_Inspired_Representation_Learning_for_Domain_Generalization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Not Just Selection, but Exploration: Online Class-Incremental Continual Learning via Dual View Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gu_Not_Just_Selection_but_Exploration_Online_Class-Incremental_Continual_Learning_via_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Block-NeRF: Scalable Large Scene Neural View Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tancik_Block-NeRF_Scalable_Large_Scene_Neural_View_Synthesis_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
B-Cos Networks: Alignment Is All We Need for Interpretability
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bohle_B-Cos_Networks_Alignment_Is_All_We_Need_for_Interpretability_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Burst Image Restoration and Enhancement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dudhane_Burst_Image_Restoration_and_Enhancement_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
What Makes Transfer Learning Work for Medical Images: Feature Reuse &amp; Other Factors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Matsoukas_What_Makes_Transfer_Learning_Work_for_Medical_Images_Feature_Reuse_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Audio-Visual Speech Codecs: Rethinking Audio-Visual Speech Enhancement by Re-Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Audio-Visual_Speech_Codecs_Rethinking_Audio-Visual_Speech_Enhancement_by_Re-Synthesis_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Localized Adversarial Domain Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhu_Localized_Adversarial_Domain_Generalization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
X-Trans2Cap: Cross-Modal Knowledge Transfer Using Transformer for 3D Dense Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yuan_X-Trans2Cap_Cross-Modal_Knowledge_Transfer_Using_Transformer_for_3D_Dense_Captioning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Image-to-Lidar Self-Supervised Distillation for Autonomous Driving Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sautier_Image-to-Lidar_Self-Supervised_Distillation_for_Autonomous_Driving_Data_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Explaining Deep Convolutional Neural Networks via Latent Visual-Semantic Filter Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Explaining_Deep_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_via_Latent_Visual-Semantic_Filter_Attention_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning To Collaborate in Decentralized Learning of Personalized Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Learning_To_Collaborate_in_Decentralized_Learning_of_Personalized_Models_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Ref-NeRF: Structured View-Dependent Appearance for Neural Radiance Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Verbin_Ref-NeRF_Structured_View-Dependent_Appearance_for_Neural_Radiance_Fields_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Targeted Supervised Contrastive Learning for Long-Tailed Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Targeted_Supervised_Contrastive_Learning_for_Long-Tailed_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Balanced Contrastive Learning for Long-Tailed Visual Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhu_Balanced_Contrastive_Learning_for_Long-Tailed_Visual_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Slimmable Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Meng_Slimmable_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DIP: Deep Inverse Patchmatch for High-Resolution Optical Flow
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zheng_DIP_Deep_Inverse_Patchmatch_for_High-Resolution_Optical_Flow_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Object Detection With Fully Cross-Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Han_Few-Shot_Object_Detection_With_Fully_Cross-Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RendNet: Unified 2D/3D Recognizer With Latent Space Rendering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shi_RendNet_Unified_2D3D_Recognizer_With_Latent_Space_Rendering_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
iPLAN: Interactive and Procedural Layout Planning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/He_iPLAN_Interactive_and_Procedural_Layout_Planning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Whose Track Is It Anyway? Improving Robustness to Tracking Errors With Affinity-Based Trajectory Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Weng_Whose_Track_Is_It_Anyway_Improving_Robustness_to_Tracking_Errors_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Balanced MSE for Imbalanced Visual Regression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ren_Balanced_MSE_for_Imbalanced_Visual_Regression_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Local Learning Matters: Rethinking Data Heterogeneity in Federated Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mendieta_Local_Learning_Matters_Rethinking_Data_Heterogeneity_in_Federated_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Finding Good Configurations of Planar Primitives in Unorganized Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yu_Finding_Good_Configurations_of_Planar_Primitives_in_Unorganized_Point_Clouds_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
FMCNet: Feature-Level Modality Compensation for Visible-Infrared Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_FMCNet_Feature-Level_Modality_Compensation_for_Visible-Infrared_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Source-Free Domain Adaptation via Distribution Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ding_Source-Free_Domain_Adaptation_via_Distribution_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Transferability Estimation Using Bhattacharyya Class Separability
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Pandy_Transferability_Estimation_Using_Bhattacharyya_Class_Separability_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Hierarchical Self-Supervised Representation Learning for Movie Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xiao_Hierarchical_Self-Supervised_Representation_Learning_for_Movie_Understanding_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Does Robustness on ImageNet Transfer to Downstream Tasks?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yamada_Does_Robustness_on_ImageNet_Transfer_to_Downstream_Tasks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Faithful Extreme Rescaling via Generative Prior Reciprocated Invertible Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhong_Faithful_Extreme_Rescaling_via_Generative_Prior_Reciprocated_Invertible_Representations_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Proto2Proto: Can You Recognize the Car, the Way I Do?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Keswani_Proto2Proto_Can_You_Recognize_the_Car_the_Way_I_Do_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Dual Adversarial Adaptation for Cross-Device Real-World Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_Dual_Adversarial_Adaptation_for_Cross-Device_Real-World_Image_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
FS6D: Few-Shot 6D Pose Estimation of Novel Objects
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/He_FS6D_Few-Shot_6D_Pose_Estimation_of_Novel_Objects_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Reflection and Rotation Symmetry Detection via Equivariant Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Seo_Reflection_and_Rotation_Symmetry_Detection_via_Equivariant_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CPPF: Towards Robust Category-Level 9D Pose Estimation in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/You_CPPF_Towards_Robust_Category-Level_9D_Pose_Estimation_in_the_Wild_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Interactive Disentanglement: Learning Concepts by Interacting With Their Prototype Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Stammer_Interactive_Disentanglement_Learning_Concepts_by_Interacting_With_Their_Prototype_Representations_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Recall@k Surrogate Loss With Large Batches and Similarity Mixup
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Patel_Recallk_Surrogate_Loss_With_Large_Batches_and_Similarity_Mixup_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Direct Voxel Grid Optimization: Super-Fast Convergence for Radiance Fields Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sun_Direct_Voxel_Grid_Optimization_Super-Fast_Convergence_for_Radiance_Fields_Reconstruction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Continual Test-Time Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Continual_Test-Time_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
URetinex-Net: Retinex-Based Deep Unfolding Network for Low-Light Image Enhancement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_URetinex-Net_Retinex-Based_Deep_Unfolding_Network_for_Low-Light_Image_Enhancement_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Multi-Domain Single Image Dehazing via Test-Time Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Towards_Multi-Domain_Single_Image_Dehazing_via_Test-Time_Training_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Federated Learning With Position-Aware Neurons
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Federated_Learning_With_Position-Aware_Neurons_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Fair Contrastive Learning for Facial Attribute Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Park_Fair_Contrastive_Learning_for_Facial_Attribute_Classification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MDAN: Multi-Level Dependent Attention Network for Visual Emotion Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_MDAN_Multi-Level_Dependent_Attention_Network_for_Visual_Emotion_Analysis_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RGB-Depth Fusion GAN for Indoor Depth Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_RGB-Depth_Fusion_GAN_for_Indoor_Depth_Completion_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Human Trajectory Prediction With Momentary Observation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sun_Human_Trajectory_Prediction_With_Momentary_Observation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Generating Representative Samples for Few-Shot Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_Generating_Representative_Samples_for_Few-Shot_Classification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ELIC: Efficient Learned Image Compression With Unevenly Grouped Space-Channel Contextual Adaptive Coding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/He_ELIC_Efficient_Learned_Image_Compression_With_Unevenly_Grouped_Space-Channel_Contextual_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Do Explanations Explain? Model Knows Best
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Khakzar_Do_Explanations_Explain_Model_Knows_Best_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
BasicVSR++: Improving Video Super-Resolution With Enhanced Propagation and Alignment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chan_BasicVSR_Improving_Video_Super-Resolution_With_Enhanced_Propagation_and_Alignment_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GuideFormer: Transformers for Image Guided Depth Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Rho_GuideFormer_Transformers_for_Image_Guided_Depth_Completion_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Region-Aware Face Swapping
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_Region-Aware_Face_Swapping_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CamLiFlow: Bidirectional Camera-LiDAR Fusion for Joint Optical Flow and Scene Flow Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_CamLiFlow_Bidirectional_Camera-LiDAR_Fusion_for_Joint_Optical_Flow_and_Scene_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
BNV-Fusion: Dense 3D Reconstruction Using Bi-Level Neural Volume Fusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_BNV-Fusion_Dense_3D_Reconstruction_Using_Bi-Level_Neural_Volume_Fusion_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Reflash Dropout in Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kong_Reflash_Dropout_in_Image_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
WildNet: Learning Domain Generalized Semantic Segmentation From the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lee_WildNet_Learning_Domain_Generalized_Semantic_Segmentation_From_the_Wild_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Auditing Privacy Defenses in Federated Learning via Generative Gradient Leakage
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Auditing_Privacy_Defenses_in_Federated_Learning_via_Generative_Gradient_Leakage_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Task Discrepancy Maximization for Fine-Grained Few-Shot Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lee_Task_Discrepancy_Maximization_for_Fine-Grained_Few-Shot_Classification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
FedDC: Federated Learning With Non-IID Data via Local Drift Decoupling and Correction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gao_FedDC_Federated_Learning_With_Non-IID_Data_via_Local_Drift_Decoupling_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Point-to-Voxel Knowledge Distillation for LiDAR Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hou_Point-to-Voxel_Knowledge_Distillation_for_LiDAR_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Leveling Down in Computer Vision: Pareto Inefficiencies in Fair Deep Classifiers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zietlow_Leveling_Down_in_Computer_Vision_Pareto_Inefficiencies_in_Fair_Deep_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Adiabatic Quantum Computing for Multi Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zaech_Adiabatic_Quantum_Computing_for_Multi_Object_Tracking_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Represent, Compare, and Learn: A Similarity-Aware Framework for Class-Agnostic Counting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shi_Represent_Compare_and_Learn_A_Similarity-Aware_Framework_for_Class-Agnostic_Counting_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Critical Regularizations for Neural Surface Reconstruction in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Critical_Regularizations_for_Neural_Surface_Reconstruction_in_the_Wild_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
EASE: Unsupervised Discriminant Subspace Learning for Transductive Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhu_EASE_Unsupervised_Discriminant_Subspace_Learning_for_Transductive_Few-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
UCC: Uncertainty Guided Cross-Head Co-Training for Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fan_UCC_Uncertainty_Guided_Cross-Head_Co-Training_for_Semi-Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HVH: Learning a Hybrid Neural Volumetric Representation for Dynamic Hair Performance Capture
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_HVH_Learning_a_Hybrid_Neural_Volumetric_Representation_for_Dynamic_Hair_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Based Multi-Modality Image and Video Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lu_Learning_Based_Multi-Modality_Image_and_Video_Compression_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Ditto: Building Digital Twins of Articulated Objects From Interaction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jiang_Ditto_Building_Digital_Twins_of_Articulated_Objects_From_Interaction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Transformer Based Line Segment Classifier With Image Context for Real-Time Vanishing Point Detection in Manhattan World
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tong_Transformer_Based_Line_Segment_Classifier_With_Image_Context_for_Real-Time_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Self-Sustaining Representation Expansion for Non-Exemplar Class-Incremental Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhu_Self-Sustaining_Representation_Expansion_for_Non-Exemplar_Class-Incremental_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Cross-Domain Correlation Distillation for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation in Nighttime Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gao_Cross-Domain_Correlation_Distillation_for_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_in_Nighttime_Semantic_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
More Than Words: In-the-Wild Visually-Driven Prosody for Text-to-Speech
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hassid_More_Than_Words_In-the-Wild_Visually-Driven_Prosody_for_Text-to-Speech_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Cross-Modal Perceptionist: Can Face Geometry Be Gleaned From Voices?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_Cross-Modal_Perceptionist_Can_Face_Geometry_Be_Gleaned_From_Voices_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
On Generalizing Beyond Domains in Cross-Domain Continual Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Simon_On_Generalizing_Beyond_Domains_in_Cross-Domain_Continual_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Closer Look at Few-Shot Image Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhao_A_Closer_Look_at_Few-Shot_Image_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Domain Generalization by Learning a Bridge Across Domains
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Harary_Unsupervised_Domain_Generalization_by_Learning_a_Bridge_Across_Domains_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Trajectory-Aware Transformer for Video Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Learning_Trajectory-Aware_Transformer_for_Video_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Graph Sampling Based Deep Metric Learning for Generalizable Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liao_Graph_Sampling_Based_Deep_Metric_Learning_for_Generalizable_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Undoing the Damage of Label Shift for Cross-Domain Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Undoing_the_Damage_of_Label_Shift_for_Cross-Domain_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GPV-Pose: Category-Level Object Pose Estimation via Geometry-Guided Point-Wise Voting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Di_GPV-Pose_Category-Level_Object_Pose_Estimation_via_Geometry-Guided_Point-Wise_Voting_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Trustworthy Long-Tailed Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Trustworthy_Long-Tailed_Classification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Mix and Localize: Localizing Sound Sources in Mixtures
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hu_Mix_and_Localize_Localizing_Sound_Sources_in_Mixtures_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SphericGAN: Semi-Supervised Hyper-Spherical Generative Adversarial Networks for Fine-Grained Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_SphericGAN_Semi-Supervised_Hyper-Spherical_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_for_Fine-Grained_Image_Synthesis_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Image Dehazing Transformer With Transmission-Aware 3D Position Embedding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guo_Image_Dehazing_Transformer_With_Transmission-Aware_3D_Position_Embedding_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deformable ProtoPNet: An Interpretable Image Classifier Using Deformable Prototypes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Donnelly_Deformable_ProtoPNet_An_Interpretable_Image_Classifier_Using_Deformable_Prototypes_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Context-Aware Sequence Alignment Using 4D Skeletal Augmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kwon_Context-Aware_Sequence_Alignment_Using_4D_Skeletal_Augmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Motion-Modulated Temporal Fragment Alignment Network for Few-Shot Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_Motion-Modulated_Temporal_Fragment_Alignment_Network_for_Few-Shot_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Focal Sparse Convolutional Networks for 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Focal_Sparse_Convolutional_Networks_for_3D_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Nested Collaborative Learning for Long-Tailed Visual Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Nested_Collaborative_Learning_for_Long-Tailed_Visual_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Restormer: Efficient Transformer for High-Resolution Image Restoration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zamir_Restormer_Efficient_Transformer_for_High-Resolution_Image_Restoration_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Distinctive Margin Toward Active Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xie_Learning_Distinctive_Margin_Toward_Active_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural Inertial Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Herath_Neural_Inertial_Localization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Finding Fallen Objects via Asynchronous Audio-Visual Integration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gan_Finding_Fallen_Objects_via_Asynchronous_Audio-Visual_Integration_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised Object Detection via Multi-Instance Alignment With Global Class Prototypes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Semi-Supervised_Object_Detection_via_Multi-Instance_Alignment_With_Global_Class_Prototypes_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
VGSE: Visually-Grounded Semantic Embeddings for Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_VGSE_Visually-Grounded_Semantic_Embeddings_for_Zero-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Catching Both Gray and Black Swans: Open-Set Supervised Anomaly Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ding_Catching_Both_Gray_and_Black_Swans_Open-Set_Supervised_Anomaly_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multimodal Colored Point Cloud to Image Alignment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Rotstein_Multimodal_Colored_Point_Cloud_to_Image_Alignment_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MotionAug: Augmentation With Physical Correction for Human Motion Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Maeda_MotionAug_Augmentation_With_Physical_Correction_for_Human_Motion_Prediction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Deraining: Where Contrastive Learning Meets Self-Similarity
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ye_Unsupervised_Deraining_Where_Contrastive_Learning_Meets_Self-Similarity_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Simple Multi-Dataset Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhou_Simple_Multi-Dataset_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Sketch3T: Test-Time Training for Zero-Shot SBIR
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sain_Sketch3T_Test-Time_Training_for_Zero-Shot_SBIR_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Discriminative Representation: Multi-View Trajectory Contrastive Learning for Online Multi-Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yu_Towards_Discriminative_Representation_Multi-View_Trajectory_Contrastive_Learning_for_Online_Multi-Object_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Audio-Visual Generalised Zero-Shot Learning With Cross-Modal Attention and Language
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mercea_Audio-Visual_Generalised_Zero-Shot_Learning_With_Cross-Modal_Attention_and_Language_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
AdaMixer: A Fast-Converging Query-Based Object Detector
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gao_AdaMixer_A_Fast-Converging_Query-Based_Object_Detector_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deep Unlearning via Randomized Conditionally Independent Hessians
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mehta_Deep_Unlearning_via_Randomized_Conditionally_Independent_Hessians_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Patch-Level Representation Learning for Self-Supervised Vision Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yun_Patch-Level_Representation_Learning_for_Self-Supervised_Vision_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Sylph: A Hypernetwork Framework for Incremental Few-Shot Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yin_Sylph_A_Hypernetwork_Framework_for_Incremental_Few-Shot_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
What To Look at and Where: Semantic and Spatial Refined Transformer for Detecting Human-Object Interactions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Iftekhar_What_To_Look_at_and_Where_Semantic_and_Spatial_Refined_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Stereo Magnification With Multi-Layer Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Khakhulin_Stereo_Magnification_With_Multi-Layer_Images_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
LMGP: Lifted Multicut Meets Geometry Projections for Multi-Camera Multi-Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Nguyen_LMGP_Lifted_Multicut_Meets_Geometry_Projections_for_Multi-Camera_Multi-Object_Tracking_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Stereo Depth From Events Cameras: Concentrate and Focus on the Future
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Nam_Stereo_Depth_From_Events_Cameras_Concentrate_and_Focus_on_the_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Probabilistic Graphical Model Based on Neural-Symbolic Reasoning for Visual Relationship Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yu_A_Probabilistic_Graphical_Model_Based_on_Neural-Symbolic_Reasoning_for_Visual_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Knowledge Distillation As Efficient Pre-Training: Faster Convergence, Higher Data-Efficiency, and Better Transferability
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/He_Knowledge_Distillation_As_Efficient_Pre-Training_Faster_Convergence_Higher_Data-Efficiency_and_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Integrative Few-Shot Learning for Classification and Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kang_Integrative_Few-Shot_Learning_for_Classification_and_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Fair Classifiers With Partially Annotated Group Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jung_Learning_Fair_Classifiers_With_Partially_Annotated_Group_Labels_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Constrained Few-Shot Class-Incremental Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hersche_Constrained_Few-Shot_Class-Incremental_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Material and Texture Representation Learning for Remote Sensing Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Akiva_Self-Supervised_Material_and_Texture_Representation_Learning_for_Remote_Sensing_Tasks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Think Twice Before Detecting GAN-Generated Fake Images From Their Spectral Domain Imprints
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dong_Think_Twice_Before_Detecting_GAN-Generated_Fake_Images_From_Their_Spectral_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RSCFed: Random Sampling Consensus Federated Semi-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liang_RSCFed_Random_Sampling_Consensus_Federated_Semi-Supervised_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
TransMVSNet: Global Context-Aware Multi-View Stereo Network With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ding_TransMVSNet_Global_Context-Aware_Multi-View_Stereo_Network_With_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
iFS-RCNN: An Incremental Few-Shot Instance Segmenter
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Nguyen_iFS-RCNN_An_Incremental_Few-Shot_Instance_Segmenter_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DPGEN: Differentially Private Generative Energy-Guided Network for Natural Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_DPGEN_Differentially_Private_Generative_Energy-Guided_Network_for_Natural_Image_Synthesis_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
The Majority Can Help the Minority: Context-Rich Minority Oversampling for Long-Tailed Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Park_The_Majority_Can_Help_the_Minority_Context-Rich_Minority_Oversampling_for_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
IntentVizor: Towards Generic Query Guided Interactive Video Summarization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_IntentVizor_Towards_Generic_Query_Guided_Interactive_Video_Summarization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Scene Representation Transformer: Geometry-Free Novel View Synthesis Through Set-Latent Scene Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sajjadi_Scene_Representation_Transformer_Geometry-Free_Novel_View_Synthesis_Through_Set-Latent_Scene_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Bootstrapping ViTs: Towards Liberating Vision Transformers From Pre-Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Bootstrapping_ViTs_Towards_Liberating_Vision_Transformers_From_Pre-Training_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Styleformer: Transformer Based Generative Adversarial Networks With Style Vector
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Park_Styleformer_Transformer_Based_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_With_Style_Vector_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Light Field Neural Rendering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Suhail_Light_Field_Neural_Rendering_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Augmented Geometric Distillation for Data-Free Incremental Person ReID
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lu_Augmented_Geometric_Distillation_for_Data-Free_Incremental_Person_ReID_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Style Neophile: Constantly Seeking Novel Styles for Domain Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kang_Style_Neophile_Constantly_Seeking_Novel_Styles_for_Domain_Generalization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RIO: Rotation-Equivariance Supervised Learning of Robust Inertial Odometry
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cao_RIO_Rotation-Equivariance_Supervised_Learning_of_Robust_Inertial_Odometry_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Adaptive Trajectory Prediction via Transferable GNN
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_Adaptive_Trajectory_Prediction_via_Transferable_GNN_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deformation and Correspondence Aware Unsupervised Synthetic-to-Real Scene Flow Estimation for Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jin_Deformation_and_Correspondence_Aware_Unsupervised_Synthetic-to-Real_Scene_Flow_Estimation_for_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learn From Others and Be Yourself in Heterogeneous Federated Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huang_Learn_From_Others_and_Be_Yourself_in_Heterogeneous_Federated_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Semantic-Aware Auto-Encoders for Self-Supervised Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Semantic-Aware_Auto-Encoders_for_Self-Supervised_Representation_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Consistent Explanations by Contrastive Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Pillai_Consistent_Explanations_by_Contrastive_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Text2Pos: Text-to-Point-Cloud Cross-Modal Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kolmet_Text2Pos_Text-to-Point-Cloud_Cross-Modal_Localization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Salient-to-Broad Transition for Video Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bai_Salient-to-Broad_Transition_for_Video_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Progressively Generating Better Initial Guesses Towards Next Stages for High-Quality Human Motion Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ma_Progressively_Generating_Better_Initial_Guesses_Towards_Next_Stages_for_High-Quality_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
M2I: From Factored Marginal Trajectory Prediction to Interactive Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sun_M2I_From_Factored_Marginal_Trajectory_Prediction_to_Interactive_Prediction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Domain Adaptation on Point Clouds via Geometry-Aware Implicits
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shen_Domain_Adaptation_on_Point_Clouds_via_Geometry-Aware_Implicits_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
NeuralHOFusion: Neural Volumetric Rendering Under Human-Object Interactions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jiang_NeuralHOFusion_Neural_Volumetric_Rendering_Under_Human-Object_Interactions_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Cross-Domain Few-Shot Learning With Task-Specific Adapters
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Cross-Domain_Few-Shot_Learning_With_Task-Specific_Adapters_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MAXIM: Multi-Axis MLP for Image Processing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tu_MAXIM_Multi-Axis_MLP_for_Image_Processing_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Better Understanding Attribution Methods
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Rao_Towards_Better_Understanding_Attribution_Methods_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PSTR: End-to-End One-Step Person Search With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cao_PSTR_End-to-End_One-Step_Person_Search_With_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
NFormer: Robust Person Re-Identification With Neighbor Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_NFormer_Robust_Person_Re-Identification_With_Neighbor_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Unseen Classes at a Later Time? No Problem
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kuchibhotla_Unseen_Classes_at_a_Later_Time_No_Problem_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning the Degradation Distribution for Blind Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Luo_Learning_the_Degradation_Distribution_for_Blind_Image_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Retrieval Augmented Classification for Long-Tail Visual Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Long_Retrieval_Augmented_Classification_for_Long-Tail_Visual_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
NLX-GPT: A Model for Natural Language Explanations in Vision and Vision-Language Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sammani_NLX-GPT_A_Model_for_Natural_Language_Explanations_in_Vision_and_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
WarpingGAN: Warping Multiple Uniform Priors for Adversarial 3D Point Cloud Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tang_WarpingGAN_Warping_Multiple_Uniform_Priors_for_Adversarial_3D_Point_Cloud_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Forward Propagation, Backward Regression, and Pose Association for Hand Tracking in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huang_Forward_Propagation_Backward_Regression_and_Pose_Association_for_Hand_Tracking_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ES6D: A Computation Efficient and Symmetry-Aware 6D Pose Regression Framework
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mo_ES6D_A_Computation_Efficient_and_Symmetry-Aware_6D_Pose_Regression_Framework_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
OoD-Bench: Quantifying and Understanding Two Dimensions of Out-of-Distribution Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ye_OoD-Bench_Quantifying_and_Understanding_Two_Dimensions_of_Out-of-Distribution_Generalization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
OnePose: One-Shot Object Pose Estimation Without CAD Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sun_OnePose_One-Shot_Object_Pose_Estimation_Without_CAD_Models_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Federated Class-Incremental Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dong_Federated_Class-Incremental_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Extracting Triangular 3D Models, Materials, and Lighting From Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Munkberg_Extracting_Triangular_3D_Models_Materials_and_Lighting_From_Images_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Parameter-Free Online Test-Time Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Boudiaf_Parameter-Free_Online_Test-Time_Adaptation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SIGMA: Semantic-Complete Graph Matching for Domain Adaptive Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_SIGMA_Semantic-Complete_Graph_Matching_for_Domain_Adaptive_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Global Convergence of MAML and Theory-Inspired Neural Architecture Search for Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Global_Convergence_of_MAML_and_Theory-Inspired_Neural_Architecture_Search_for_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
No Pain, Big Gain: Classify Dynamic Point Cloud Sequences With Static Models by Fitting Feature-Level Space-Time Surfaces
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhong_No_Pain_Big_Gain_Classify_Dynamic_Point_Cloud_Sequences_With_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HiVT: Hierarchical Vector Transformer for Multi-Agent Motion Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhou_HiVT_Hierarchical_Vector_Transformer_for_Multi-Agent_Motion_Prediction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Correlation-Aware Deep Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xie_Correlation-Aware_Deep_Tracking_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Implicit Sample Extension for Unsupervised Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Implicit_Sample_Extension_for_Unsupervised_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Energy-Based Latent Aligner for Incremental Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Joseph_Energy-Based_Latent_Aligner_for_Incremental_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GanOrCon: Are Generative Models Useful for Few-Shot Segmentation?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Saha_GanOrCon_Are_Generative_Models_Useful_for_Few-Shot_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Reading To Listen at the Cocktail Party: Multi-Modal Speech Separation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Rahimi_Reading_To_Listen_at_the_Cocktail_Party_Multi-Modal_Speech_Separation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Group R-CNN for Weakly Semi-Supervised Object Detection With Points
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Group_R-CNN_for_Weakly_Semi-Supervised_Object_Detection_With_Points_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Weakly-Supervised Action Transition Learning for Stochastic Human Motion Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mao_Weakly-Supervised_Action_Transition_Learning_for_Stochastic_Human_Motion_Prediction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Coarse-To-Fine Deep Video Coding With Hyperprior-Guided Mode Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hu_Coarse-To-Fine_Deep_Video_Coding_With_Hyperprior-Guided_Mode_Prediction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SAR-Net: Shape Alignment and Recovery Network for Category-Level 6D Object Pose and Size Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lin_SAR-Net_Shape_Alignment_and_Recovery_Network_for_Category-Level_6D_Object_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Mutual Quantization for Cross-Modal Search With Noisy Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Mutual_Quantization_for_Cross-Modal_Search_With_Noisy_Labels_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SphereSR: 360deg Image Super-Resolution With Arbitrary Projection via Continuous Spherical Image Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yoon_SphereSR_360deg_Image_Super-Resolution_With_Arbitrary_Projection_via_Continuous_Spherical_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Cross Domain Object Detection by Target-Perceived Dual Branch Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/He_Cross_Domain_Object_Detection_by_Target-Perceived_Dual_Branch_Distillation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Overcoming Catastrophic Forgetting in Incremental Object Detection via Elastic Response Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Feng_Overcoming_Catastrophic_Forgetting_in_Incremental_Object_Detection_via_Elastic_Response_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GroupNet: Multiscale Hypergraph Neural Networks for Trajectory Prediction With Relational Reasoning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_GroupNet_Multiscale_Hypergraph_Neural_Networks_for_Trajectory_Prediction_With_Relational_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Unbiased Subclass Regularization for Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guan_Unbiased_Subclass_Regularization_for_Semi-Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Coupled Iterative Refinement for 6D Multi-Object Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lipson_Coupled_Iterative_Refinement_for_6D_Multi-Object_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Weakly Paired Associative Learning for Sound and Image Representations via Bimodal Associative Memory
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lee_Weakly_Paired_Associative_Learning_for_Sound_and_Image_Representations_via_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PCA-Based Knowledge Distillation Towards Lightweight and Content-Style Balanced Photorealistic Style Transfer Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chiu_PCA-Based_Knowledge_Distillation_Towards_Lightweight_and_Content-Style_Balanced_Photorealistic_Style_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Transformer Tracking With Cyclic Shifting Window Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Song_Transformer_Tracking_With_Cyclic_Shifting_Window_Attention_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ProposalCLIP: Unsupervised Open-Category Object Proposal Generation via Exploiting CLIP Cues
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shi_ProposalCLIP_Unsupervised_Open-Category_Object_Proposal_Generation_via_Exploiting_CLIP_Cues_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Understanding Adversarial Robustness of Optical Flow Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Schrodi_Towards_Understanding_Adversarial_Robustness_of_Optical_Flow_Networks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Representation Learning for Binary Networks by Joint Classifier Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_Unsupervised_Representation_Learning_for_Binary_Networks_by_Joint_Classifier_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Investigating Tradeoffs in Real-World Video Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chan_Investigating_Tradeoffs_in_Real-World_Video_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Differentiable Stereopsis: Meshes From Multiple Views Using Differentiable Rendering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Goel_Differentiable_Stereopsis_Meshes_From_Multiple_Views_Using_Differentiable_Rendering_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Global Tracking via Ensemble of Local Trackers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhou_Global_Tracking_via_Ensemble_of_Local_Trackers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MPC: Multi-View Probabilistic Clustering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_MPC_Multi-View_Probabilistic_Clustering_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MSDN: Mutually Semantic Distillation Network for Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_MSDN_Mutually_Semantic_Distillation_Network_for_Zero-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MS2DG-Net: Progressive Correspondence Learning via Multiple Sparse Semantics Dynamic Graph
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dai_MS2DG-Net_Progressive_Correspondence_Learning_via_Multiple_Sparse_Semantics_Dynamic_Graph_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Sparse Fuse Dense: Towards High Quality 3D Detection With Depth Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_Sparse_Fuse_Dense_Towards_High_Quality_3D_Detection_With_Depth_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PNP: Robust Learning From Noisy Labels by Probabilistic Noise Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sun_PNP_Robust_Learning_From_Noisy_Labels_by_Probabilistic_Noise_Prediction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Estimating Structural Disparities for Face Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ardeshir_Estimating_Structural_Disparities_for_Face_Models_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Revisiting the Transferability of Supervised Pretraining: An MLP Perspective
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Revisiting_the_Transferability_of_Supervised_Pretraining_An_MLP_Perspective_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Plenoxels: Radiance Fields Without Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fridovich-Keil_Plenoxels_Radiance_Fields_Without_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SimT: Handling Open-Set Noise for Domain Adaptive Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guo_SimT_Handling_Open-Set_Noise_for_Domain_Adaptive_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PLAD: Learning To Infer Shape Programs With Pseudo-Labels and Approximate Distributions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jones_PLAD_Learning_To_Infer_Shape_Programs_With_Pseudo-Labels_and_Approximate_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PTTR: Relational 3D Point Cloud Object Tracking With Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhou_PTTR_Relational_3D_Point_Cloud_Object_Tracking_With_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Industrial Style Transfer With Large-Scale Geometric Warping and Content Preservation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Industrial_Style_Transfer_With_Large-Scale_Geometric_Warping_and_Content_Preservation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Modeling Image Composition for Complex Scene Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Modeling_Image_Composition_for_Complex_Scene_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SS3D: Sparsely-Supervised 3D Object Detection From Point Cloud
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_SS3D_Sparsely-Supervised_3D_Object_Detection_From_Point_Cloud_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Remember the Difference: Cross-Domain Few-Shot Semantic Segmentation via Meta-Memory Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Remember_the_Difference_Cross-Domain_Few-Shot_Semantic_Segmentation_via_Meta-Memory_Transfer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Templates for 3D Object Pose Estimation Revisited: Generalization to New Objects and Robustness to Occlusions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Nguyen_Templates_for_3D_Object_Pose_Estimation_Revisited_Generalization_to_New_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Non-Isotropy Regularization for Proxy-Based Deep Metric Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Roth_Non-Isotropy_Regularization_for_Proxy-Based_Deep_Metric_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning a Structured Latent Space for Unsupervised Point Cloud Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cai_Learning_a_Structured_Latent_Space_for_Unsupervised_Point_Cloud_Completion_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Learning With Noisy Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liang_Few-Shot_Learning_With_Noisy_Labels_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Interactive Image Synthesis With Panoptic Layout Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Interactive_Image_Synthesis_With_Panoptic_Layout_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PlanarRecon: Real-Time 3D Plane Detection and Reconstruction From Posed Monocular Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xie_PlanarRecon_Real-Time_3D_Plane_Detection_and_Reconstruction_From_Posed_Monocular_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Motron: Multimodal Probabilistic Human Motion Forecasting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Salzmann_Motron_Multimodal_Probabilistic_Human_Motion_Forecasting_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Cycle-Consistent Counterfactuals by Latent Transformations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Khorram_Cycle-Consistent_Counterfactuals_by_Latent_Transformations_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ADeLA: Automatic Dense Labeling With Attention for Viewpoint Shift in Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ren_ADeLA_Automatic_Dense_Labeling_With_Attention_for_Viewpoint_Shift_in_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Blind Face Restoration via Integrating Face Shape and Generative Priors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhu_Blind_Face_Restoration_via_Integrating_Face_Shape_and_Generative_Priors_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RCP: Recurrent Closest Point for Point Cloud
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gu_RCP_Recurrent_Closest_Point_for_Point_Cloud_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Dual Weighting Label Assignment Scheme for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_A_Dual_Weighting_Label_Assignment_Scheme_for_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
FAM: Visual Explanations for the Feature Representations From Deep Convolutional Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_FAM_Visual_Explanations_for_the_Feature_Representations_From_Deep_Convolutional_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Hyperbolic Vision Transformers: Combining Improvements in Metric Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ermolov_Hyperbolic_Vision_Transformers_Combining_Improvements_in_Metric_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Attributable Visual Similarity Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Attributable_Visual_Similarity_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DyTox: Transformers for Continual Learning With DYnamic TOken eXpansion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Douillard_DyTox_Transformers_for_Continual_Learning_With_DYnamic_TOken_eXpansion_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Semantic-Aligned Fusion Transformer for One-Shot Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhao_Semantic-Aligned_Fusion_Transformer_for_One-Shot_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Beyond Supervised vs. Unsupervised: Representative Benchmarking and Analysis of Image Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gwilliam_Beyond_Supervised_vs._Unsupervised_Representative_Benchmarking_and_Analysis_of_Image_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Discrete Time Convolution for Fast Event-Based Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Discrete_Time_Convolution_for_Fast_Event-Based_Stereo_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Improving Visual Grounding With Visual-Linguistic Verification and Iterative Reasoning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Improving_Visual_Grounding_With_Visual-Linguistic_Verification_and_Iterative_Reasoning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Robust Image-Based Rendering on Sparse Scene Geometry via Depth Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sun_Learning_Robust_Image-Based_Rendering_on_Sparse_Scene_Geometry_via_Depth_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Object Detection From Audio-Visual Correspondence
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Afouras_Self-Supervised_Object_Detection_From_Audio-Visual_Correspondence_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Super-Fibonacci Spirals: Fast, Low-Discrepancy Sampling of SO(3)
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Alexa_Super-Fibonacci_Spirals_Fast_Low-Discrepancy_Sampling_of_SO3_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
TrackFormer: Multi-Object Tracking With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Meinhardt_TrackFormer_Multi-Object_Tracking_With_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning To Learn and Remember Super Long Multi-Domain Task Sequence
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Learning_To_Learn_and_Remember_Super_Long_Multi-Domain_Task_Sequence_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Domain-Agnostic Prior for Transfer Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huo_Domain-Agnostic_Prior_for_Transfer_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Dynamic Kernel Selection for Improved Generalization and Memory Efficiency in Meta-Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chavan_Dynamic_Kernel_Selection_for_Improved_Generalization_and_Memory_Efficiency_in_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Differentially Private Federated Learning With Local Regularization and Sparsification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cheng_Differentially_Private_Federated_Learning_With_Local_Regularization_and_Sparsification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Semantic Associations for Mirror Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guan_Learning_Semantic_Associations_for_Mirror_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Reconstructing Surfaces for Sparse Point Clouds With On-Surface Priors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ma_Reconstructing_Surfaces_for_Sparse_Point_Clouds_With_On-Surface_Priors_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Contrastive Conditional Neural Processes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ye_Contrastive_Conditional_Neural_Processes_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Robust Equivariant Imaging: A Fully Unsupervised Framework for Learning To Image From Noisy and Partial Measurements
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Robust_Equivariant_Imaging_A_Fully_Unsupervised_Framework_for_Learning_To_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Global-Local Structure Modeling for Point Cloud Domain Adaptation With Reliable Voted Pseudo Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fan_Self-Supervised_Global-Local_Structure_Modeling_for_Point_Cloud_Domain_Adaptation_With_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Input-Level Inductive Biases for 3D Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yifan_Input-Level_Inductive_Biases_for_3D_Reconstruction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Real-Time Object Detection for Streaming Perception
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Real-Time_Object_Detection_for_Streaming_Perception_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Equivariance Allows Handling Multiple Nuisance Variables When Analyzing Pooled Neuroimaging Datasets
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lokhande_Equivariance_Allows_Handling_Multiple_Nuisance_Variables_When_Analyzing_Pooled_Neuroimaging_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Bi-Level Alignment for Cross-Domain Crowd Counting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gong_Bi-Level_Alignment_for_Cross-Domain_Crowd_Counting_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Efficient Multi-View Stereo by Iterative Dynamic Cost Volume
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Efficient_Multi-View_Stereo_by_Iterative_Dynamic_Cost_Volume_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning To Generate Line Drawings That Convey Geometry and Semantics
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chan_Learning_To_Generate_Line_Drawings_That_Convey_Geometry_and_Semantics_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
TransEditor: Transformer-Based Dual-Space GAN for Highly Controllable Facial Editing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_TransEditor_Transformer-Based_Dual-Space_GAN_for_Highly_Controllable_Facial_Editing_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural Volumetric Object Selection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ren_Neural_Volumetric_Object_Selection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PointCLIP: Point Cloud Understanding by CLIP
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_PointCLIP_Point_Cloud_Understanding_by_CLIP_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
NeRFusion: Fusing Radiance Fields for Large-Scale Scene Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_NeRFusion_Fusing_Radiance_Fields_for_Large-Scale_Scene_Reconstruction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Reusing the Task-Specific Classifier as a Discriminator: Discriminator-Free Adversarial Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Reusing_the_Task-Specific_Classifier_as_a_Discriminator_Discriminator-Free_Adversarial_Domain_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Bijective Mapping Network for Shadow Removal
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhu_Bijective_Mapping_Network_for_Shadow_Removal_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Causal Transportability for Visual Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mao_Causal_Transportability_for_Visual_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Local Attention Pyramid for Scene Image Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shim_Local_Attention_Pyramid_for_Scene_Image_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multi-Objective Diverse Human Motion Prediction With Knowledge Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ma_Multi-Objective_Diverse_Human_Motion_Prediction_With_Knowledge_Distillation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GridShift: A Faster Mode-Seeking Algorithm for Image Segmentation and Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kumar_GridShift_A_Faster_Mode-Seeking_Algorithm_for_Image_Segmentation_and_Object_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Robust Region Feature Synthesizer for Zero-Shot Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huang_Robust_Region_Feature_Synthesizer_for_Zero-Shot_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HSC4D: Human-Centered 4D Scene Capture in Large-Scale Indoor-Outdoor Space Using Wearable IMUs and LiDAR
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dai_HSC4D_Human-Centered_4D_Scene_Capture_in_Large-Scale_Indoor-Outdoor_Space_Using_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
M3L: Language-Based Video Editing via Multi-Modal Multi-Level Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fu_M3L_Language-Based_Video_Editing_via_Multi-Modal_Multi-Level_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
It&#x27;s All in the Teacher: Zero-Shot Quantization Brought Closer to the Teacher
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Choi_Its_All_in_the_Teacher_Zero-Shot_Quantization_Brought_Closer_to_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Text Attention Network for Spatial Deformation Robust Scene Text Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ma_A_Text_Attention_Network_for_Spatial_Deformation_Robust_Scene_Text_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
OSOP: A Multi-Stage One Shot Object Pose Estimation Framework
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shugurov_OSOP_A_Multi-Stage_One_Shot_Object_Pose_Estimation_Framework_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
BodyGAN: General-Purpose Controllable Neural Human Body Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_BodyGAN_General-Purpose_Controllable_Neural_Human_Body_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Robust Fine-Tuning of Zero-Shot Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wortsman_Robust_Fine-Tuning_of_Zero-Shot_Models_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multi-Granularity Alignment Domain Adaptation for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhou_Multi-Granularity_Alignment_Domain_Adaptation_for_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Robust Federated Learning With Noisy and Heterogeneous Clients
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fang_Robust_Federated_Learning_With_Noisy_and_Heterogeneous_Clients_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Enabling Equivariance for Arbitrary Lie Groups
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/MacDonald_Enabling_Equivariance_for_Arbitrary_Lie_Groups_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Unbiased Teacher v2: Semi-Supervised Object Detection for Anchor-Free and Anchor-Based Detectors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Unbiased_Teacher_v2_Semi-Supervised_Object_Detection_for_Anchor-Free_and_Anchor-Based_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Volumetric Bundle Adjustment for Online Photorealistic Scene Capture
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Clark_Volumetric_Bundle_Adjustment_for_Online_Photorealistic_Scene_Capture_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RegNeRF: Regularizing Neural Radiance Fields for View Synthesis From Sparse Inputs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Niemeyer_RegNeRF_Regularizing_Neural_Radiance_Fields_for_View_Synthesis_From_Sparse_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Ranking-Based Siamese Visual Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tang_Ranking-Based_Siamese_Visual_Tracking_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SEEG: Semantic Energized Co-Speech Gesture Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liang_SEEG_Semantic_Energized_Co-Speech_Gesture_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Compound Domain Generalization via Meta-Knowledge Encoding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Compound_Domain_Generalization_via_Meta-Knowledge_Encoding_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Hyperspherical Consistency Regularization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tan_Hyperspherical_Consistency_Regularization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Probabilistic Warp Consistency for Weakly-Supervised Semantic Correspondences
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Truong_Probabilistic_Warp_Consistency_for_Weakly-Supervised_Semantic_Correspondences_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Inertia-Guided Flow Completion and Style Fusion for Video Inpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Inertia-Guided_Flow_Completion_and_Style_Fusion_for_Video_Inpainting_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Long-Tailed Visual Recognition via Gaussian Clouded Logit Adjustment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Long-Tailed_Visual_Recognition_via_Gaussian_Clouded_Logit_Adjustment_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Point Density-Aware Voxels for LiDAR 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hu_Point_Density-Aware_Voxels_for_LiDAR_3D_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Simple Episodic Linear Probe Improves Visual Recognition in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liang_A_Simple_Episodic_Linear_Probe_Improves_Visual_Recognition_in_the_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Matching Feature Sets for Few-Shot Image Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Afrasiyabi_Matching_Feature_Sets_for_Few-Shot_Image_Classification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deep Spectral Methods: A Surprisingly Strong Baseline for Unsupervised Semantic Segmentation and Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Melas-Kyriazi_Deep_Spectral_Methods_A_Surprisingly_Strong_Baseline_for_Unsupervised_Semantic_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
XMP-Font: Self-Supervised Cross-Modality Pre-Training for Few-Shot Font Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_XMP-Font_Self-Supervised_Cross-Modality_Pre-Training_for_Few-Shot_Font_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Gradient-SDF: A Semi-Implicit Surface Representation for 3D Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sommer_Gradient-SDF_A_Semi-Implicit_Surface_Representation_for_3D_Reconstruction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Localization Distillation for Dense Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zheng_Localization_Distillation_for_Dense_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Beyond 3D Siamese Tracking: A Motion-Centric Paradigm for 3D Single Object Tracking in Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zheng_Beyond_3D_Siamese_Tracking_A_Motion-Centric_Paradigm_for_3D_Single_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Non-Probability Sampling Network for Stochastic Human Trajectory Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bae_Non-Probability_Sampling_Network_for_Stochastic_Human_Trajectory_Prediction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ResSFL: A Resistance Transfer Framework for Defending Model Inversion Attack in Split Federated Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_ResSFL_A_Resistance_Transfer_Framework_for_Defending_Model_Inversion_Attack_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning of Global Objective for Network Flow in Multi-Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Learning_of_Global_Objective_for_Network_Flow_in_Multi-Object_Tracking_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RAMA: A Rapid Multicut Algorithm on GPU
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Abbas_RAMA_A_Rapid_Multicut_Algorithm_on_GPU_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DC-SSL: Addressing Mismatched Class Distribution in Semi-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhao_DC-SSL_Addressing_Mismatched_Class_Distribution_in_Semi-Supervised_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Transferability Metrics for Selecting Source Model Ensembles
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Agostinelli_Transferability_Metrics_for_Selecting_Source_Model_Ensembles_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DAFormer: Improving Network Architectures and Training Strategies for Domain-Adaptive Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hoyer_DAFormer_Improving_Network_Architectures_and_Training_Strategies_for_Domain-Adaptive_Semantic_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Joint Distribution Matters: Deep Brownian Distance Covariance for Few-Shot Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xie_Joint_Distribution_Matters_Deep_Brownian_Distance_Covariance_for_Few-Shot_Classification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MetaPose: Fast 3D Pose From Multiple Views Without 3D Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Usman_MetaPose_Fast_3D_Pose_From_Multiple_Views_Without_3D_Supervision_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
The Devil Is in the Pose: Ambiguity-Free 3D Rotation-Invariant Learning via Pose-Aware Convolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_The_Devil_Is_in_the_Pose_Ambiguity-Free_3D_Rotation-Invariant_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Visible-Thermal UAV Tracking: A Large-Scale Benchmark and New Baseline
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Visible-Thermal_UAV_Tracking_A_Large-Scale_Benchmark_and_New_Baseline_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural RGB-D Surface Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Azinovic_Neural_RGB-D_Surface_Reconstruction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Cross-Domain Adaptive Teacher for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Cross-Domain_Adaptive_Teacher_for_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Exposure Normalization and Compensation for Multiple-Exposure Correction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huang_Exposure_Normalization_and_Compensation_for_Multiple-Exposure_Correction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Leveraging Adversarial Examples To Quantify Membership Information Leakage
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Del_Grosso_Leveraging_Adversarial_Examples_To_Quantify_Membership_Information_Leakage_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Point-NeRF: Point-Based Neural Radiance Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_Point-NeRF_Point-Based_Neural_Radiance_Fields_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
FedCor: Correlation-Based Active Client Selection Strategy for Heterogeneous Federated Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tang_FedCor_Correlation-Based_Active_Client_Selection_Strategy_for_Heterogeneous_Federated_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HumanNeRF: Efficiently Generated Human Radiance Field From Sparse Inputs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhao_HumanNeRF_Efficiently_Generated_Human_Radiance_Field_From_Sparse_Inputs_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Cascade Transformers for End-to-End Person Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yu_Cascade_Transformers_for_End-to-End_Person_Search_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
LSVC: A Learning-Based Stereo Video Compression Framework
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_LSVC_A_Learning-Based_Stereo_Video_Compression_Framework_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
InsetGAN for Full-Body Image Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fruhstuck_InsetGAN_for_Full-Body_Image_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Event-Aided Direct Sparse Odometry
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hidalgo-Carrio_Event-Aided_Direct_Sparse_Odometry_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MPViT: Multi-Path Vision Transformer for Dense Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lee_MPViT_Multi-Path_Vision_Transformer_for_Dense_Prediction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural 3D Video Synthesis From Multi-View Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Neural_3D_Video_Synthesis_From_Multi-View_Video_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning What Not To Segment: A New Perspective on Few-Shot Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lang_Learning_What_Not_To_Segment_A_New_Perspective_on_Few-Shot_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Robust Invertible Image Steganography
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_Robust_Invertible_Image_Steganography_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Entropy-Based Active Learning for Object Detection With Progressive Diversity Constraint
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_Entropy-Based_Active_Learning_for_Object_Detection_With_Progressive_Diversity_Constraint_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Egocentric Deep Multi-Channel Audio-Visual Active Speaker Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jiang_Egocentric_Deep_Multi-Channel_Audio-Visual_Active_Speaker_Localization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Structure-Aware Flow Generation for Human Body Reshaping
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ren_Structure-Aware_Flow_Generation_for_Human_Body_Reshaping_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Practical Learned Lossless JPEG Recompression With Multi-Level Cross-Channel Entropy Model in the DCT Domain
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guo_Practical_Learned_Lossless_JPEG_Recompression_With_Multi-Level_Cross-Channel_Entropy_Model_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Leveraging Equivariant Features for Absolute Pose Regression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Musallam_Leveraging_Equivariant_Features_for_Absolute_Pose_Regression_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deep Visual Geo-Localization Benchmark
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Berton_Deep_Visual_Geo-Localization_Benchmark_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Leveraging Self-Supervision for Cross-Domain Crowd Counting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Leveraging_Self-Supervision_for_Cross-Domain_Crowd_Counting_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PlaneMVS: 3D Plane Reconstruction From Multi-View Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_PlaneMVS_3D_Plane_Reconstruction_From_Multi-View_Stereo_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MVS2D: Efficient Multi-View Stereo via Attention-Driven 2D Convolutions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_MVS2D_Efficient_Multi-View_Stereo_via_Attention-Driven_2D_Convolutions_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Fine-Tuning Global Model via Data-Free Knowledge Distillation for Non-IID Federated Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Fine-Tuning_Global_Model_via_Data-Free_Knowledge_Distillation_for_Non-IID_Federated_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deep 3D-to-2D Watermarking: Embedding Messages in 3D Meshes and Extracting Them From 2D Renderings
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yoo_Deep_3D-to-2D_Watermarking_Embedding_Messages_in_3D_Meshes_and_Extracting_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
AirObject: A Temporally Evolving Graph Embedding for Object Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Keetha_AirObject_A_Temporally_Evolving_Graph_Embedding_for_Object_Identification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Protecting Celebrities From DeepFake With Identity Consistency Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dong_Protecting_Celebrities_From_DeepFake_With_Identity_Consistency_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
KG-SP: Knowledge Guided Simple Primitives for Open World Compositional Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Karthik_KG-SP_Knowledge_Guided_Simple_Primitives_for_Open_World_Compositional_Zero-Shot_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CD2-pFed: Cyclic Distillation-Guided Channel Decoupling for Model Personalization in Federated Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shen_CD2-pFed_Cyclic_Distillation-Guided_Channel_Decoupling_for_Model_Personalization_in_Federated_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Style-ERD: Responsive and Coherent Online Motion Style Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tao_Style-ERD_Responsive_and_Coherent_Online_Motion_Style_Transfer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Stratified Transformer for 3D Point Cloud Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lai_Stratified_Transformer_for_3D_Point_Cloud_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Task Decoupled Framework for Reference-Based Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huang_Task_Decoupled_Framework_for_Reference-Based_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Temporal Complementarity-Guided Reinforcement Learning for Image-to-Video Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_Temporal_Complementarity-Guided_Reinforcement_Learning_for_Image-to-Video_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Fairness-Aware Adversarial Perturbation Towards Bias Mitigation for Deployed Deep Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Fairness-Aware_Adversarial_Perturbation_Towards_Bias_Mitigation_for_Deployed_Deep_Models_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Stochastic Backpropagation: A Memory Efficient Strategy for Training Video Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cheng_Stochastic_Backpropagation_A_Memory_Efficient_Strategy_for_Training_Video_Models_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Commonality in Natural Images Rescues GANs: Pretraining GANs With Generic and Privacy-Free Synthetic Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Baek_Commonality_in_Natural_Images_Rescues_GANs_Pretraining_GANs_With_Generic_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GASP, a Generalized Framework for Agglomerative Clustering of Signed Graphs and Its Application to Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bailoni_GASP_a_Generalized_Framework_for_Agglomerative_Clustering_of_Signed_Graphs_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RIM-Net: Recursive Implicit Fields for Unsupervised Learning of Hierarchical Shape Structures
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Niu_RIM-Net_Recursive_Implicit_Fields_for_Unsupervised_Learning_of_Hierarchical_Shape_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning To Affiliate: Mutual Centralized Learning for Few-Shot Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Learning_To_Affiliate_Mutual_Centralized_Learning_for_Few-Shot_Classification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CAPRI-Net: Learning Compact CAD Shapes With Adaptive Primitive Assembly
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yu_CAPRI-Net_Learning_Compact_CAD_Shapes_With_Adaptive_Primitive_Assembly_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Bridging the Gap Between Classification and Localization for Weakly Supervised Object Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_Bridging_the_Gap_Between_Classification_and_Localization_for_Weakly_Supervised_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
NICE-SLAM: Neural Implicit Scalable Encoding for SLAM
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhu_NICE-SLAM_Neural_Implicit_Scalable_Encoding_for_SLAM_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Cross-Modal Map Learning for Vision and Language Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Georgakis_Cross-Modal_Map_Learning_for_Vision_and_Language_Navigation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Incremental Transformer Structure Enhanced Image Inpainting With Masking Positional Encoding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dong_Incremental_Transformer_Structure_Enhanced_Image_Inpainting_With_Masking_Positional_Encoding_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CRIS: CLIP-Driven Referring Image Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_CRIS_CLIP-Driven_Referring_Image_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Infrared Invisible Clothing: Hiding From Infrared Detectors at Multiple Angles in Real World
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhu_Infrared_Invisible_Clothing_Hiding_From_Infrared_Detectors_at_Multiple_Angles_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Distribution-Aware Single-Stage Models for Multi-Person 3D Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Distribution-Aware_Single-Stage_Models_for_Multi-Person_3D_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Searching the Deployable Convolution Neural Networks for GPUs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Searching_the_Deployable_Convolution_Neural_Networks_for_GPUs_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DeepFake Disrupter: The Detector of DeepFake Is My Friend
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_DeepFake_Disrupter_The_Detector_of_DeepFake_Is_My_Friend_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Long-Short Temporal Contrastive Learning of Video Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Long-Short_Temporal_Contrastive_Learning_of_Video_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Drop the GAN: In Defense of Patches Nearest Neighbors As Single Image Generative Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Granot_Drop_the_GAN_In_Defense_of_Patches_Nearest_Neighbors_As_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SIOD: Single Instance Annotated per Category per Image for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_SIOD_Single_Instance_Annotated_per_Category_per_Image_for_Object_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Online Learning of Reusable Abstract Models for Object Goal Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Campari_Online_Learning_of_Reusable_Abstract_Models_for_Object_Goal_Navigation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SimMatch: Semi-Supervised Learning With Similarity Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zheng_SimMatch_Semi-Supervised_Learning_With_Similarity_Matching_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
OrphicX: A Causality-Inspired Latent Variable Model for Interpreting Graph Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lin_OrphicX_A_Causality-Inspired_Latent_Variable_Model_for_Interpreting_Graph_Neural_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
EfficientNeRF  Efficient Neural Radiance Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hu_EfficientNeRF__Efficient_Neural_Radiance_Fields_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Quantifying Societal Bias Amplification in Image Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hirota_Quantifying_Societal_Bias_Amplification_in_Image_Captioning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
StyleSwin: Transformer-Based GAN for High-Resolution Image Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_StyleSwin_Transformer-Based_GAN_for_High-Resolution_Image_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Reinforced Structured State-Evolution for Vision-Language Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Reinforced_Structured_State-Evolution_for_Vision-Language_Navigation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CoSSL: Co-Learning of Representation and Classifier for Imbalanced Semi-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fan_CoSSL_Co-Learning_of_Representation_and_Classifier_for_Imbalanced_Semi-Supervised_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Discovering Objects That Can Move
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bao_Discovering_Objects_That_Can_Move_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Learning of Object Parts for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ziegler_Self-Supervised_Learning_of_Object_Parts_for_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Swin Transformer V2: Scaling Up Capacity and Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Swin_Transformer_V2_Scaling_Up_Capacity_and_Resolution_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DEFEAT: Deep Hidden Feature Backdoor Attacks by Imperceptible Perturbation and Latent Representation Constraints
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhao_DEFEAT_Deep_Hidden_Feature_Backdoor_Attacks_by_Imperceptible_Perturbation_and_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning To Refactor Action and Co-Occurrence Features for Temporal Action Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xia_Learning_To_Refactor_Action_and_Co-Occurrence_Features_for_Temporal_Action_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DN-DETR: Accelerate DETR Training by Introducing Query DeNoising
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_DN-DETR_Accelerate_DETR_Training_by_Introducing_Query_DeNoising_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RAGO: Recurrent Graph Optimizer for Multiple Rotation Averaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_RAGO_Recurrent_Graph_Optimizer_for_Multiple_Rotation_Averaging_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Arch-Graph: Acyclic Architecture Relation Predictor for Task-Transferable Neural Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huang_Arch-Graph_Acyclic_Architecture_Relation_Predictor_for_Task-Transferable_Neural_Architecture_Search_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
On Aliased Resizing and Surprising Subtleties in GAN Evaluation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Parmar_On_Aliased_Resizing_and_Surprising_Subtleties_in_GAN_Evaluation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Virtual Elastic Objects
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Virtual_Elastic_Objects_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DiSparse: Disentangled Sparsification for Multitask Model Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sun_DiSparse_Disentangled_Sparsification_for_Multitask_Model_Compression_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Efficient and Scalable Sharpness-Aware Minimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Towards_Efficient_and_Scalable_Sharpness-Aware_Minimization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Head Swapping in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shu_Few-Shot_Head_Swapping_in_the_Wild_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ICON: Implicit Clothed Humans Obtained From Normals
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xiu_ICON_Implicit_Clothed_Humans_Obtained_From_Normals_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Shape From Polarization for Complex Scenes in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lei_Shape_From_Polarization_for_Complex_Scenes_in_the_Wild_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Glass Segmentation Using Intensity and Spectral Polarization Cues
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mei_Glass_Segmentation_Using_Intensity_and_Spectral_Polarization_Cues_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Few Shot Generative Model Adaption via Relaxed Spatial Structural Alignment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xiao_Few_Shot_Generative_Model_Adaption_via_Relaxed_Spatial_Structural_Alignment_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Pyramid Grafting Network for One-Stage High Resolution Saliency Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xie_Pyramid_Grafting_Network_for_One-Stage_High_Resolution_Saliency_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Enhancing Adversarial Training With Second-Order Statistics of Weights
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jin_Enhancing_Adversarial_Training_With_Second-Order_Statistics_of_Weights_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Dual Temperature Helps Contrastive Learning Without Many Negative Samples: Towards Understanding and Simplifying MoCo
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Dual_Temperature_Helps_Contrastive_Learning_Without_Many_Negative_Samples_Towards_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
UniCoRN: A Unified Conditional Image Repainting Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sun_UniCoRN_A_Unified_Conditional_Image_Repainting_Network_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Forecasting Characteristic 3D Poses of Human Actions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Diller_Forecasting_Characteristic_3D_Poses_of_Human_Actions_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Predictive Convolutional Attentive Block for Anomaly Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ristea_Self-Supervised_Predictive_Convolutional_Attentive_Block_for_Anomaly_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Robust Structured Declarative Classifiers for 3D Point Clouds: Defending Adversarial Attacks With Implicit Gradients
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Robust_Structured_Declarative_Classifiers_for_3D_Point_Clouds_Defending_Adversarial_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Improving the Transferability of Targeted Adversarial Examples Through Object-Based Diverse Input
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Byun_Improving_the_Transferability_of_Targeted_Adversarial_Examples_Through_Object-Based_Diverse_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Splicing ViT Features for Semantic Appearance Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tumanyan_Splicing_ViT_Features_for_Semantic_Appearance_Transfer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Putting People in Their Place: Monocular Regression of 3D People in Depth
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sun_Putting_People_in_Their_Place_Monocular_Regression_of_3D_People_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural Texture Extraction and Distribution for Controllable Person Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ren_Neural_Texture_Extraction_and_Distribution_for_Controllable_Person_Image_Synthesis_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Dual-Path Image Inpainting With Auxiliary GAN Inversion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Dual-Path_Image_Inpainting_With_Auxiliary_GAN_Inversion_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Generative Flows With Invertible Attentions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sukthanker_Generative_Flows_With_Invertible_Attentions_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Estimating Fine-Grained Noise Model via Contrastive Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zou_Estimating_Fine-Grained_Noise_Model_via_Contrastive_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Shifting More Attention to Visual Backbone: Query-Modulated Refinement Networks for End-to-End Visual Grounding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ye_Shifting_More_Attention_to_Visual_Backbone_Query-Modulated_Refinement_Networks_for_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DO-GAN: A Double Oracle Framework for Generative Adversarial Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Aung_DO-GAN_A_Double_Oracle_Framework_for_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Contextualized Spatio-Temporal Contrastive Learning With Self-Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yuan_Contextualized_Spatio-Temporal_Contrastive_Learning_With_Self-Supervision_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
APES: Articulated Part Extraction From Sprite Sheets
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_APES_Articulated_Part_Extraction_From_Sprite_Sheets_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Uni6D: A Unified CNN Framework Without Projection Breakdown for 6D Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jiang_Uni6D_A_Unified_CNN_Framework_Without_Projection_Breakdown_for_6D_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SPAMs: Structured Implicit Parametric Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Palafox_SPAMs_Structured_Implicit_Parametric_Models_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DETReg: Unsupervised Pretraining With Region Priors for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bar_DETReg_Unsupervised_Pretraining_With_Region_Priors_for_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Practical Evaluation of Adversarial Robustness via Adaptive Auto Attack
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Practical_Evaluation_of_Adversarial_Robustness_via_Adaptive_Auto_Attack_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Salvage of Supervision in Weakly Supervised Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sui_Salvage_of_Supervision_in_Weakly_Supervised_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Cross-View Transformers for Real-Time Map-View Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhou_Cross-View_Transformers_for_Real-Time_Map-View_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Controllable Dynamic Multi-Task Architectures
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Raychaudhuri_Controllable_Dynamic_Multi-Task_Architectures_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Fire Together Wire Together: A Dynamic Pruning Approach With Self-Supervised Mask Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Elkerdawy_Fire_Together_Wire_Together_A_Dynamic_Pruning_Approach_With_Self-Supervised_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multi-Source Uncertainty Mining for Deep Unsupervised Saliency Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Multi-Source_Uncertainty_Mining_for_Deep_Unsupervised_Saliency_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Wavelet Knowledge Distillation: Towards Efficient Image-to-Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Wavelet_Knowledge_Distillation_Towards_Efficient_Image-to-Image_Translation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Improving Adversarial Transferability via Neuron Attribution-Based Attacks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Improving_Adversarial_Transferability_via_Neuron_Attribution-Based_Attacks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Better Trigger Inversion Optimization in Backdoor Scanning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tao_Better_Trigger_Inversion_Optimization_in_Backdoor_Scanning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Distribution Consistent Neural Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Pan_Distribution_Consistent_Neural_Architecture_Search_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
FreeSOLO: Learning To Segment Objects Without Annotations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_FreeSOLO_Learning_To_Segment_Objects_Without_Annotations_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Enhancing Adversarial Robustness for Deep Metric Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhou_Enhancing_Adversarial_Robustness_for_Deep_Metric_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multi-Scale High-Resolution Vision Transformer for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gu_Multi-Scale_High-Resolution_Vision_Transformer_for_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Lite-MDETR: A Lightweight Multi-Modal Detector
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lou_Lite-MDETR_A_Lightweight_Multi-Modal_Detector_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Look for the Change: Learning Object States and State-Modifying Actions From Untrimmed Web Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Soucek_Look_for_the_Change_Learning_Object_States_and_State-Modifying_Actions_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Divide and Conquer: Compositional Experts for Generalized Novel Class Discovery
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Divide_and_Conquer_Compositional_Experts_for_Generalized_Novel_Class_Discovery_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Programmatic Concept Learning for Human Motion Description and Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kulal_Programmatic_Concept_Learning_for_Human_Motion_Description_and_Synthesis_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Interpretable Part-Whole Hierarchies and Conceptual-Semantic Relationships in Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Garau_Interpretable_Part-Whole_Hierarchies_and_Conceptual-Semantic_Relationships_in_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Less Is More: Generating Grounded Navigation Instructions From Landmarks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Less_Is_More_Generating_Grounded_Navigation_Instructions_From_Landmarks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CycleMix: A Holistic Strategy for Medical Image Segmentation From Scribble Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_CycleMix_A_Holistic_Strategy_for_Medical_Image_Segmentation_From_Scribble_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Image Based Reconstruction of Liquids From 2D Surface Detections
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Richter_Image_Based_Reconstruction_of_Liquids_From_2D_Surface_Detections_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Contextual Outpainting With Object-Level Contrastive Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Contextual_Outpainting_With_Object-Level_Contrastive_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Depth-Guided Sparse Structure-From-Motion for Movies and TV Shows
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Depth-Guided_Sparse_Structure-From-Motion_for_Movies_and_TV_Shows_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
When Does Contrastive Visual Representation Learning Work?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cole_When_Does_Contrastive_Visual_Representation_Learning_Work_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
One Step at a Time: Long-Horizon Vision-and-Language Navigation With Milestones
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Song_One_Step_at_a_Time_Long-Horizon_Vision-and-Language_Navigation_With_Milestones_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Scene Consistency Representation Learning for Video Scene Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_Scene_Consistency_Representation_Learning_for_Video_Scene_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Two Coupled Rejection Metrics Can Tell Adversarial Examples Apart
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Pang_Two_Coupled_Rejection_Metrics_Can_Tell_Adversarial_Examples_Apart_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
How Well Do Sparse ImageNet Models Transfer?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Iofinova_How_Well_Do_Sparse_ImageNet_Models_Transfer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
REX: Reasoning-Aware and Grounded Explanation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_REX_Reasoning-Aware_and_Grounded_Explanation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Dynamic Dual-Output Diffusion Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Benny_Dynamic_Dual-Output_Diffusion_Models_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
JoinABLe: Learning Bottom-Up Assembly of Parametric CAD Joints
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Willis_JoinABLe_Learning_Bottom-Up_Assembly_of_Parametric_CAD_Joints_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
AEGNN: Asynchronous Event-Based Graph Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Schaefer_AEGNN_Asynchronous_Event-Based_Graph_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Polarity Sampling: Quality and Diversity Control of Pre-Trained Generative Networks via Singular Values
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Humayun_Polarity_Sampling_Quality_and_Diversity_Control_of_Pre-Trained_Generative_Networks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Style-Structure Disentangled Features and Normalizing Flows for Diverse Icon Colorization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Style-Structure_Disentangled_Features_and_Normalizing_Flows_for_Diverse_Icon_Colorization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MAT: Mask-Aware Transformer for Large Hole Image Inpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_MAT_Mask-Aware_Transformer_for_Large_Hole_Image_Inpainting_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Uncertainty-Aware Deep Multi-View Photometric Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kaya_Uncertainty-Aware_Deep_Multi-View_Photometric_Stereo_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Unleashing Potential of Unsupervised Pre-Training With Intra-Identity Regularization for Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Unleashing_Potential_of_Unsupervised_Pre-Training_With_Intra-Identity_Regularization_for_Person_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MSG-Transformer: Exchanging Local Spatial Information by Manipulating Messenger Tokens
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fang_MSG-Transformer_Exchanging_Local_Spatial_Information_by_Manipulating_Messenger_Tokens_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Contrastive Dual Gating: Learning Sparse Features With Contrastive Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Meng_Contrastive_Dual_Gating_Learning_Sparse_Features_With_Contrastive_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Universal Photometric Stereo Network Using Global Lighting Contexts
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ikehata_Universal_Photometric_Stereo_Network_Using_Global_Lighting_Contexts_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Ray3D: Ray-Based 3D Human Pose Estimation for Monocular Absolute 3D Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhan_Ray3D_Ray-Based_3D_Human_Pose_Estimation_for_Monocular_Absolute_3D_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ASM-Loc: Action-Aware Segment Modeling for Weakly-Supervised Temporal Action Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/He_ASM-Loc_Action-Aware_Segment_Modeling_for_Weakly-Supervised_Temporal_Action_Localization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Scaling Up Your Kernels to 31x31: Revisiting Large Kernel Design in CNNs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ding_Scaling_Up_Your_Kernels_to_31x31_Revisiting_Large_Kernel_Design_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
End-to-End Multi-Person Pose Estimation With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shi_End-to-End_Multi-Person_Pose_Estimation_With_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Revisiting AP Loss for Dense Object Detection: Adaptive Ranking Pair Selection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_Revisiting_AP_Loss_for_Dense_Object_Detection_Adaptive_Ranking_Pair_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
3DeformRS: Certifying Spatial Deformations on Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/S._3DeformRS_Certifying_Spatial_Deformations_on_Point_Clouds_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
QueryDet: Cascaded Sparse Query for Accelerating High-Resolution Small Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_QueryDet_Cascaded_Sparse_Query_for_Accelerating_High-Resolution_Small_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
BEHAVE: Dataset and Method for Tracking Human Object Interactions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bhatnagar_BEHAVE_Dataset_and_Method_for_Tracking_Human_Object_Interactions_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Estimating Egocentric 3D Human Pose in the Wild With External Weak Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Estimating_Egocentric_3D_Human_Pose_in_the_Wild_With_External_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Performance-Aware Mutual Knowledge Distillation for Improving Neural Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xie_Performance-Aware_Mutual_Knowledge_Distillation_for_Improving_Neural_Architecture_Search_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HyperInverter: Improving StyleGAN Inversion via Hypernetwork
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dinh_HyperInverter_Improving_StyleGAN_Inversion_via_Hypernetwork_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Dataset Distillation by Matching Training Trajectories
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cazenavette_Dataset_Distillation_by_Matching_Training_Trajectories_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Global Context With Discrete Diffusion in Vector Quantised Modelling for Image Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hu_Global_Context_With_Discrete_Diffusion_in_Vector_Quantised_Modelling_for_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Symmetry and Uncertainty-Aware Object SLAM for 6DoF Object Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Merrill_Symmetry_and_Uncertainty-Aware_Object_SLAM_for_6DoF_Object_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Multimodal Depth Estimation From Light Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Leistner_Towards_Multimodal_Depth_Estimation_From_Light_Fields_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning To Recognize Procedural Activities With Distant Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lin_Learning_To_Recognize_Procedural_Activities_With_Distant_Supervision_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Rotation-Invariant Aerial Object Detection Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Feng_Weakly_Supervised_Rotation-Invariant_Aerial_Object_Detection_Network_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Modeling Motion With Multi-Modal Features for Text-Based Video Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhao_Modeling_Motion_With_Multi-Modal_Features_for_Text-Based_Video_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deformable Video Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Deformable_Video_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Fast, Accurate and Memory-Efficient Partial Permutation Synchronization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Fast_Accurate_and_Memory-Efficient_Partial_Permutation_Synchronization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ScaleNet: A Shallow Architecture for Scale Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Barroso-Laguna_ScaleNet_A_Shallow_Architecture_for_Scale_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Bounded Adversarial Attack on Deep Content Features
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_Bounded_Adversarial_Attack_on_Deep_Content_Features_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CAD: Co-Adapting Discriminative Features for Improved Few-Shot Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chikontwe_CAD_Co-Adapting_Discriminative_Features_for_Improved_Few-Shot_Classification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Fingerprinting Deep Neural Networks Globally via Universal Adversarial Perturbations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Peng_Fingerprinting_Deep_Neural_Networks_Globally_via_Universal_Adversarial_Perturbations_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ManiTrans: Entity-Level Text-Guided Image Manipulation via Token-Wise Semantic Alignment and Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_ManiTrans_Entity-Level_Text-Guided_Image_Manipulation_via_Token-Wise_Semantic_Alignment_and_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Robust Image Forgery Detection Over Online Social Network Shared Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_Robust_Image_Forgery_Detection_Over_Online_Social_Network_Shared_Images_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Text2Mesh: Text-Driven Neural Stylization for Meshes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Michel_Text2Mesh_Text-Driven_Neural_Stylization_for_Meshes_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
FWD: Real-Time Novel View Synthesis With Forward Warping and Depth
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cao_FWD_Real-Time_Novel_View_Synthesis_With_Forward_Warping_and_Depth_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
C-CAM: Causal CAM for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation on Medical Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_C-CAM_Causal_CAM_for_Weakly_Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_on_Medical_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Leveraging Real Talking Faces via Self-Supervision for Robust Forgery Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Haliassos_Leveraging_Real_Talking_Faces_via_Self-Supervision_for_Robust_Forgery_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
BaLeNAS: Differentiable Architecture Search via the Bayesian Learning Rule
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_BaLeNAS_Differentiable_Architecture_Search_via_the_Bayesian_Learning_Rule_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Object Localization As Domain Adaption
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhu_Weakly_Supervised_Object_Localization_As_Domain_Adaption_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Dynamic Prototype Convolution Network for Few-Shot Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Dynamic_Prototype_Convolution_Network_for_Few-Shot_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Mr.BiQ: Post-Training Non-Uniform Quantization Based on Minimizing the Reconstruction Error
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jeon_Mr.BiQ_Post-Training_Non-Uniform_Quantization_Based_on_Minimizing_the_Reconstruction_Error_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MatteFormer: Transformer-Based Image Matting via Prior-Tokens
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Park_MatteFormer_Transformer-Based_Image_Matting_via_Prior-Tokens_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ESCNet: Gaze Target Detection With the Understanding of 3D Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bao_ESCNet_Gaze_Target_Detection_With_the_Understanding_of_3D_Scenes_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Point2Cyl: Reverse Engineering 3D Objects From Point Clouds to Extrusion Cylinders
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Uy_Point2Cyl_Reverse_Engineering_3D_Objects_From_Point_Clouds_to_Extrusion_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MHFormer: Multi-Hypothesis Transformer for 3D Human Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_MHFormer_Multi-Hypothesis_Transformer_for_3D_Human_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Surface-Aligned Neural Radiance Fields for Controllable 3D Human Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_Surface-Aligned_Neural_Radiance_Fields_for_Controllable_3D_Human_Synthesis_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Vision-Language Parsing: Seamlessly Bridging Visual Scene Graphs With Language Structures via Dependency Relationships
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lou_Unsupervised_Vision-Language_Parsing_Seamlessly_Bridging_Visual_Scene_Graphs_With_Language_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Query and Attention Augmentation for Knowledge-Based Explainable Reasoning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Query_and_Attention_Augmentation_for_Knowledge-Based_Explainable_Reasoning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Interactron: Embodied Adaptive Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kotar_Interactron_Embodied_Adaptive_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MeMViT: Memory-Augmented Multiscale Vision Transformer for Efficient Long-Term Video Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_MeMViT_Memory-Augmented_Multiscale_Vision_Transformer_for_Efficient_Long-Term_Video_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multidimensional Belief Quantification for Label-Efficient Meta-Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Pandey_Multidimensional_Belief_Quantification_for_Label-Efficient_Meta-Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HODEC: Towards Efficient High-Order DEcomposed Convolutional Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yin_HODEC_Towards_Efficient_High-Order_DEcomposed_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Bridging the Gap Between Learning in Discrete and Continuous Environments for Vision-and-Language Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hong_Bridging_the_Gap_Between_Learning_in_Discrete_and_Continuous_Environments_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Deep Implicit Functions for 3D Shapes With Dynamic Code Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Learning_Deep_Implicit_Functions_for_3D_Shapes_With_Dynamic_Code_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Reversible Vision Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mangalam_Reversible_Vision_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Protecting Facial Privacy: Generating Adversarial Identity Masks via Style-Robust Makeup Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hu_Protecting_Facial_Privacy_Generating_Adversarial_Identity_Masks_via_Style-Robust_Makeup_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Temporal Feature Alignment and Mutual Information Maximization for Video-Based Human Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Temporal_Feature_Alignment_and_Mutual_Information_Maximization_for_Video-Based_Human_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Spatially-Adaptive Multilayer Selection for GAN Inversion and Editing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Parmar_Spatially-Adaptive_Multilayer_Selection_for_GAN_Inversion_and_Editing_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Transformers for Unsupervised Object Discovery Using Normalized Cut
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Self-Supervised_Transformers_for_Unsupervised_Object_Discovery_Using_Normalized_Cut_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Robust Adaptive Object Detection Under Noisy Annotations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Towards_Robust_Adaptive_Object_Detection_Under_Noisy_Annotations_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Open-Vocabulary One-Stage Detection With Hierarchical Visual-Language Knowledge Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ma_Open-Vocabulary_One-Stage_Detection_With_Hierarchical_Visual-Language_Knowledge_Distillation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
COAP: Compositional Articulated Occupancy of People
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mihajlovic_COAP_Compositional_Articulated_Occupancy_of_People_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Counterfactual Cycle-Consistent Learning for Instruction Following and Generation in Vision-Language Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Counterfactual_Cycle-Consistent_Learning_for_Instruction_Following_and_Generation_in_Vision-Language_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Motion-Adjustable Neural Implicit Video Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mai_Motion-Adjustable_Neural_Implicit_Video_Representation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
The Norm Must Go On: Dynamic Unsupervised Domain Adaptation by Normalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mirza_The_Norm_Must_Go_On_Dynamic_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_by_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning To Prompt for Open-Vocabulary Object Detection With Vision-Language Model
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Du_Learning_To_Prompt_for_Open-Vocabulary_Object_Detection_With_Vision-Language_Model_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
General Incremental Learning With Domain-Aware Categorical Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xie_General_Incremental_Learning_With_Domain-Aware_Categorical_Representations_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ActiveZero: Mixed Domain Learning for Active Stereovision With Zero Annotation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_ActiveZero_Mixed_Domain_Learning_for_Active_Stereovision_With_Zero_Annotation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DearKD: Data-Efficient Early Knowledge Distillation for Vision Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_DearKD_Data-Efficient_Early_Knowledge_Distillation_for_Vision_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ContrastMask: Contrastive Learning To Segment Every Thing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_ContrastMask_Contrastive_Learning_To_Segment_Every_Thing_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Rep-Net: Efficient On-Device Learning via Feature Reprogramming
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Rep-Net_Efficient_On-Device_Learning_via_Feature_Reprogramming_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Implicit Motion Handling for Video Camouflaged Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cheng_Implicit_Motion_Handling_for_Video_Camouflaged_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning With Twin Noisy Labels for Visible-Infrared Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Learning_With_Twin_Noisy_Labels_for_Visible-Infrared_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MetaFormer Is Actually What You Need for Vision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yu_MetaFormer_Is_Actually_What_You_Need_for_Vision_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Knowledge Distillation via the Target-Aware Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lin_Knowledge_Distillation_via_the_Target-Aware_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Recurring the Transformer for Video Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Recurring_the_Transformer_for_Video_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Subspace Adversarial Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Subspace_Adversarial_Training_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Background Activation Suppression for Weakly Supervised Object Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_Background_Activation_Suppression_for_Weakly_Supervised_Object_Localization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Motion-From-Blur: 3D Shape and Motion Estimation of Motion-Blurred Objects in Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Rozumnyi_Motion-From-Blur_3D_Shape_and_Motion_Estimation_of_Motion-Blurred_Objects_in_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Hallucinated Neural Radiance Fields in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Hallucinated_Neural_Radiance_Fields_in_the_Wild_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Backdoor Attacks on Self-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Saha_Backdoor_Attacks_on_Self-Supervised_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multimodal Token Fusion for Vision Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Multimodal_Token_Fusion_for_Vision_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
FLAVA: A Foundational Language and Vision Alignment Model
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Singh_FLAVA_A_Foundational_Language_and_Vision_Alignment_Model_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
OCSampler: Compressing Videos to One Clip With Single-Step Sampling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lin_OCSampler_Compressing_Videos_to_One_Clip_With_Single-Step_Sampling_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Grounded Language-Image Pre-Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Grounded_Language-Image_Pre-Training_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PatchFormer: An Efficient Point Transformer With Patch Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_PatchFormer_An_Efficient_Point_Transformer_With_Patch_Attention_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Label Matching Semi-Supervised Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Label_Matching_Semi-Supervised_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
An MIL-Derived Transformer for Weakly Supervised Point Cloud Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_An_MIL-Derived_Transformer_for_Weakly_Supervised_Point_Cloud_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Fast Light-Weight Near-Field Photometric Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lichy_Fast_Light-Weight_Near-Field_Photometric_Stereo_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Uniform Subdivision of Omnidirectional Camera Space for Efficient Spherical Stereo Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kang_Uniform_Subdivision_of_Omnidirectional_Camera_Space_for_Efficient_Spherical_Stereo_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
High-Resolution Image Synthesis With Latent Diffusion Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Rombach_High-Resolution_Image_Synthesis_With_Latent_Diffusion_Models_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Transferable Sparse Adversarial Attack
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/He_Transferable_Sparse_Adversarial_Attack_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
StyleSDF: High-Resolution 3D-Consistent Image and Geometry Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Or-El_StyleSDF_High-Resolution_3D-Consistent_Image_and_Geometry_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GLAMR: Global Occlusion-Aware Human Mesh Recovery With Dynamic Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yuan_GLAMR_Global_Occlusion-Aware_Human_Mesh_Recovery_With_Dynamic_Cameras_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Capturing and Inferring Dense Full-Body Human-Scene Contact
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huang_Capturing_and_Inferring_Dense_Full-Body_Human-Scene_Contact_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Diverse Plausible 360-Degree Image Outpainting for Efficient 3DCG Background Creation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Akimoto_Diverse_Plausible_360-Degree_Image_Outpainting_for_Efficient_3DCG_Background_Creation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Generating High Fidelity Data From Low-Density Regions Using Diffusion Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sehwag_Generating_High_Fidelity_Data_From_Low-Density_Regions_Using_Diffusion_Models_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CAFE: Learning To Condense Dataset by Aligning Features
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_CAFE_Learning_To_Condense_Dataset_by_Aligning_Features_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Generalized Few-Shot Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tian_Generalized_Few-Shot_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Exploiting Rigidity Constraints for LiDAR Scene Flow Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dong_Exploiting_Rigidity_Constraints_for_LiDAR_Scene_Flow_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PoseKernelLifter: Metric Lifting of 3D Human Pose Using Sound
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_PoseKernelLifter_Metric_Lifting_of_3D_Human_Pose_Using_Sound_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
AlignQ: Alignment Quantization With ADMM-Based Correlation Preservation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_AlignQ_Alignment_Quantization_With_ADMM-Based_Correlation_Preservation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Self-Distillation From the Last Mini-Batch for Consistency Regularization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shen_Self-Distillation_From_the_Last_Mini-Batch_for_Consistency_Regularization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Interactive Multi-Class Tiny-Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lee_Interactive_Multi-Class_Tiny-Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ART-Point: Improving Rotation Robustness of Point Cloud Classifiers via Adversarial Rotation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_ART-Point_Improving_Rotation_Robustness_of_Point_Cloud_Classifiers_via_Adversarial_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
360-Attack: Distortion-Aware Perturbations From Perspective-Views
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_360-Attack_Distortion-Aware_Perturbations_From_Perspective-Views_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Bandits for Structure Perturbation-Based Black-Box Attacks To Graph Neural Networks With Theoretical Guarantees
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Bandits_for_Structure_Perturbation-Based_Black-Box_Attacks_To_Graph_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Decoupling Makes Weakly Supervised Local Feature Better
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Decoupling_Makes_Weakly_Supervised_Local_Feature_Better_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Unified Model for Line Projections in Catadioptric Cameras With Rotationally Symmetric Mirrors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Miraldo_A_Unified_Model_for_Line_Projections_in_Catadioptric_Cameras_With_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Neural Articulated Shape and Appearance Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wei_Self-Supervised_Neural_Articulated_Shape_and_Appearance_Models_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
TCTrack: Temporal Contexts for Aerial Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cao_TCTrack_Temporal_Contexts_for_Aerial_Tracking_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GAN-Supervised Dense Visual Alignment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Peebles_GAN-Supervised_Dense_Visual_Alignment_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GIFS: Neural Implicit Function for General Shape Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ye_GIFS_Neural_Implicit_Function_for_General_Shape_Representation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deblur-NeRF: Neural Radiance Fields From Blurry Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ma_Deblur-NeRF_Neural_Radiance_Fields_From_Blurry_Images_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DoubleField: Bridging the Neural Surface and Radiance Fields for High-Fidelity Human Reconstruction and Rendering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shao_DoubleField_Bridging_the_Neural_Surface_and_Radiance_Fields_for_High-Fidelity_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
UnweaveNet: Unweaving Activity Stories
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Price_UnweaveNet_Unweaving_Activity_Stories_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Look Closer To Supervise Better: One-Shot Font Generation via Component-Based Discriminator
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kong_Look_Closer_To_Supervise_Better_One-Shot_Font_Generation_via_Component-Based_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PhyIR: Physics-Based Inverse Rendering for Panoramic Indoor Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_PhyIR_Physics-Based_Inverse_Rendering_for_Panoramic_Indoor_Images_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Beyond Fixation: Dynamic Window Visual Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ren_Beyond_Fixation_Dynamic_Window_Visual_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Improving GAN Equilibrium by Raising Spatial Awareness
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Improving_GAN_Equilibrium_by_Raising_Spatial_Awareness_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Propagation Regularizer for Semi-Supervised Learning With Extremely Scarce Labeled Samples
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_Propagation_Regularizer_for_Semi-Supervised_Learning_With_Extremely_Scarce_Labeled_Samples_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Bailando: 3D Dance Generation by Actor-Critic GPT With Choreographic Memory
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Siyao_Bailando_3D_Dance_Generation_by_Actor-Critic_GPT_With_Choreographic_Memory_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Local-Global Contextual Adaptation for Multi-Person Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xue_Learning_Local-Global_Contextual_Adaptation_for_Multi-Person_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
TVConv: Efficient Translation Variant Convolution for Layout-Aware Visual Processing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_TVConv_Efficient_Translation_Variant_Convolution_for_Layout-Aware_Visual_Processing_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Vision-Language Pre-Training for Boosting Scene Text Detectors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Song_Vision-Language_Pre-Training_for_Boosting_Scene_Text_Detectors_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Simple but Effective: CLIP Embeddings for Embodied AI
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Khandelwal_Simple_but_Effective_CLIP_Embeddings_for_Embodied_AI_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
NomMer: Nominate Synergistic Context in Vision Transformer for Visual Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_NomMer_Nominate_Synergistic_Context_in_Vision_Transformer_for_Visual_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Not All Labels Are Equal: Rationalizing the Labeling Costs for Training Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Elezi_Not_All_Labels_Are_Equal_Rationalizing_the_Labeling_Costs_for_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Interact Before Align: Leveraging Cross-Modal Knowledge for Domain Adaptive Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Interact_Before_Align_Leveraging_Cross-Modal_Knowledge_for_Domain_Adaptive_Action_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Dynamic MLP for Fine-Grained Image Classification by Leveraging Geographical and Temporal Information
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Dynamic_MLP_for_Fine-Grained_Image_Classification_by_Leveraging_Geographical_and_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Bending Graphs: Hierarchical Shape Matching Using Gated Optimal Transport
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Saleh_Bending_Graphs_Hierarchical_Shape_Matching_Using_Gated_Optimal_Transport_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RCL: Recurrent Continuous Localization for Temporal Action Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_RCL_Recurrent_Continuous_Localization_for_Temporal_Action_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
FoggyStereo: Stereo Matching With Fog Volume Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yao_FoggyStereo_Stereo_Matching_With_Fog_Volume_Representation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Trajectory Optimization for Physics-Based Reconstruction of 3D Human Pose From Monocular Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gartner_Trajectory_Optimization_for_Physics-Based_Reconstruction_of_3D_Human_Pose_From_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Lifelong Unsupervised Domain Adaptive Person Re-Identification With Coordinated Anti-Forgetting and Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huang_Lifelong_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptive_Person_Re-Identification_With_Coordinated_Anti-Forgetting_and_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Dynamic Scene Graph Generation via Anticipatory Pre-Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Dynamic_Scene_Graph_Generation_via_Anticipatory_Pre-Training_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CSWin Transformer: A General Vision Transformer Backbone With Cross-Shaped Windows
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dong_CSWin_Transformer_A_General_Vision_Transformer_Backbone_With_Cross-Shaped_Windows_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ITSA: An Information-Theoretic Approach to Automatic Shortcut Avoidance and Domain Generalization in Stereo Matching Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chuah_ITSA_An_Information-Theoretic_Approach_to_Automatic_Shortcut_Avoidance_and_Domain_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Reduce Information Loss in Transformers for Pluralistic Image Inpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Reduce_Information_Loss_in_Transformers_for_Pluralistic_Image_Inpainting_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Cross-Modal Transferable Adversarial Attacks From Images to Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wei_Cross-Modal_Transferable_Adversarial_Attacks_From_Images_to_Videos_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Occlusion-Robust Face Alignment Using a Viewpoint-Invariant Hierarchical Network Architecture
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhu_Occlusion-Robust_Face_Alignment_Using_a_Viewpoint-Invariant_Hierarchical_Network_Architecture_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Physical Simulation Layer for Accurate 3D Modeling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mezghanni_Physical_Simulation_Layer_for_Accurate_3D_Modeling_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Probabilistic Representations for Video Contrastive Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Park_Probabilistic_Representations_for_Video_Contrastive_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
EnvEdit: Environment Editing for Vision-and-Language Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_EnvEdit_Environment_Editing_for_Vision-and-Language_Navigation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural Shape Mating: Self-Supervised Object Assembly With Adversarial Shape Priors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Neural_Shape_Mating_Self-Supervised_Object_Assembly_With_Adversarial_Shape_Priors_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DECORE: Deep Compression With Reinforcement Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Alwani_DECORE_Deep_Compression_With_Reinforcement_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Open-Domain, Content-Based, Multi-Modal Fact-Checking of Out-of-Context Images via Online Resources
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Abdelnabi_Open-Domain_Content-Based_Multi-Modal_Fact-Checking_of_Out-of-Context_Images_via_Online_Resources_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Masked Feature Prediction for Self-Supervised Visual Pre-Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wei_Masked_Feature_Prediction_for_Self-Supervised_Visual_Pre-Training_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Certified Patch Robustness via Smoothed Vision Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Salman_Certified_Patch_Robustness_via_Smoothed_Vision_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
The Principle of Diversity: Training Stronger Vision Transformers Calls for Reducing All Levels of Redundancy
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_The_Principle_of_Diversity_Training_Stronger_Vision_Transformers_Calls_for_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Active Learning by Feature Mixing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Parvaneh_Active_Learning_by_Feature_Mixing_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Class-Aware Contrastive Semi-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Class-Aware_Contrastive_Semi-Supervised_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Debiased Learning From Naturally Imbalanced Pseudo-Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Debiased_Learning_From_Naturally_Imbalanced_Pseudo-Labels_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RNNPose: Recurrent 6-DoF Object Pose Refinement With Robust Correspondence Field Estimation and Pose Optimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_RNNPose_Recurrent_6-DoF_Object_Pose_Refinement_With_Robust_Correspondence_Field_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Efficient Data Free Black-Box Adversarial Attack
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Towards_Efficient_Data_Free_Black-Box_Adversarial_Attack_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Depth-Supervised NeRF: Fewer Views and Faster Training for Free
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Deng_Depth-Supervised_NeRF_Fewer_Views_and_Faster_Training_for_Free_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Differentiable Dynamics for Articulated 3D Human Motion Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gartner_Differentiable_Dynamics_for_Articulated_3D_Human_Motion_Reconstruction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GOAL: Generating 4D Whole-Body Motion for Hand-Object Grasping
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Taheri_GOAL_Generating_4D_Whole-Body_Motion_for_Hand-Object_Grasping_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multi-Robot Active Mapping via Neural Bipartite Graph Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ye_Multi-Robot_Active_Mapping_via_Neural_Bipartite_Graph_Matching_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Adversarial Texture for Fooling Person Detectors in the Physical World
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hu_Adversarial_Texture_for_Fooling_Person_Detectors_in_the_Physical_World_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
TO-FLOW: Efficient Continuous Normalizing Flows With Temporal Optimization Adjoint With Moving Speed
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Du_TO-FLOW_Efficient_Continuous_Normalizing_Flows_With_Temporal_Optimization_Adjoint_With_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Arbitrary-Scale Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ntavelis_Arbitrary-Scale_Image_Synthesis_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Retrieval-Based Spatially Adaptive Normalization for Semantic Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shi_Retrieval-Based_Spatially_Adaptive_Normalization_for_Semantic_Image_Synthesis_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Primitive3D: 3D Object Dataset Synthesis From Randomly Assembled Primitives
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Primitive3D_3D_Object_Dataset_Synthesis_From_Randomly_Assembled_Primitives_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
FisherMatch: Semi-Supervised Rotation Regression via Entropy-Based Filtering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yin_FisherMatch_Semi-Supervised_Rotation_Regression_via_Entropy-Based_Filtering_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
NPBG++: Accelerating Neural Point-Based Graphics
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Rakhimov_NPBG_Accelerating_Neural_Point-Based_Graphics_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Panoptic-PHNet: Towards Real-Time and High-Precision LiDAR Panoptic Segmentation via Clustering Pseudo Heatmap
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Panoptic-PHNet_Towards_Real-Time_and_High-Precision_LiDAR_Panoptic_Segmentation_via_Clustering_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Dual-Key Multimodal Backdoors for Visual Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Walmer_Dual-Key_Multimodal_Backdoors_for_Visual_Question_Answering_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
STRPM: A Spatiotemporal Residual Predictive Model for High-Resolution Video Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chang_STRPM_A_Spatiotemporal_Residual_Predictive_Model_for_High-Resolution_Video_Prediction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning From Untrimmed Videos: Self-Supervised Video Representation Learning With Hierarchical Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Qing_Learning_From_Untrimmed_Videos_Self-Supervised_Video_Representation_Learning_With_Hierarchical_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Large Loss Matters in Weakly Supervised Multi-Label Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_Large_Loss_Matters_in_Weakly_Supervised_Multi-Label_Classification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Attention Concatenation Volume for Accurate and Efficient Stereo Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_Attention_Concatenation_Volume_for_Accurate_and_Efficient_Stereo_Matching_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Zero-Query Transfer Attacks on Context-Aware Object Detectors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cai_Zero-Query_Transfer_Attacks_on_Context-Aware_Object_Detectors_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GraftNet: Towards Domain Generalized Stereo Matching With a Broad-Spectrum and Task-Oriented Feature
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_GraftNet_Towards_Domain_Generalized_Stereo_Matching_With_a_Broad-Spectrum_and_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Total Recall in Industrial Anomaly Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Roth_Towards_Total_Recall_in_Industrial_Anomaly_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DTA: Physical Camouflage Attacks Using Differentiable Transformation Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Suryanto_DTA_Physical_Camouflage_Attacks_Using_Differentiable_Transformation_Network_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Active Teacher for Semi-Supervised Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mi_Active_Teacher_for_Semi-Supervised_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Audio-Adaptive Activity Recognition Across Video Domains
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Audio-Adaptive_Activity_Recognition_Across_Video_Domains_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Merry Go Round: Rotate a Frame and Fool a DNN
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Thapar_Merry_Go_Round_Rotate_a_Frame_and_Fool_a_DNN_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
H2FA R-CNN: Holistic and Hierarchical Feature Alignment for Cross-Domain Weakly Supervised Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_H2FA_R-CNN_Holistic_and_Hierarchical_Feature_Alignment_for_Cross-Domain_Weakly_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A ConvNet for the 2020s
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_A_ConvNet_for_the_2020s_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deep Anomaly Discovery From Unlabeled Videos via Normality Advantage and Self-Paced Refinement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yu_Deep_Anomaly_Discovery_From_Unlabeled_Videos_via_Normality_Advantage_and_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Proactive Image Manipulation Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Asnani_Proactive_Image_Manipulation_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
StyTr2: Image Style Transfer With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Deng_StyTr2_Image_Style_Transfer_With_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GreedyNASv2: Greedier Search With a Greedy Path Filter
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huang_GreedyNASv2_Greedier_Search_With_a_Greedy_Path_Filter_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
BEVT: BERT Pretraining of Video Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_BEVT_BERT_Pretraining_of_Video_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Automatic Relation-Aware Graph Network Proliferation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cai_Automatic_Relation-Aware_Graph_Network_Proliferation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Contextual Instance Decoupling for Robust Multi-Person Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Contextual_Instance_Decoupling_for_Robust_Multi-Person_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Simple Data Mixing Prior for Improving Self-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ren_A_Simple_Data_Mixing_Prior_for_Improving_Self-Supervised_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multi-Modal Alignment Using Representation Codebook
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Duan_Multi-Modal_Alignment_Using_Representation_Codebook_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HARA: A Hierarchical Approach for Robust Rotation Averaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lee_HARA_A_Hierarchical_Approach_for_Robust_Rotation_Averaging_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Diffusion Autoencoders: Toward a Meaningful and Decodable Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Preechakul_Diffusion_Autoencoders_Toward_a_Meaningful_and_Decodable_Representation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Knowledge Distillation With the Reused Teacher Classifier
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Knowledge_Distillation_With_the_Reused_Teacher_Classifier_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Contrastive Learning for Unsupervised Video Highlight Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Badamdorj_Contrastive_Learning_for_Unsupervised_Video_Highlight_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MetaFSCIL: A Meta-Learning Approach for Few-Shot Class Incremental Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chi_MetaFSCIL_A_Meta-Learning_Approach_for_Few-Shot_Class_Incremental_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Dense Depth Priors for Neural Radiance Fields From Sparse Input Views
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Roessle_Dense_Depth_Priors_for_Neural_Radiance_Fields_From_Sparse_Input_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Camera Pose Estimation Using Implicit Distortion Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Pan_Camera_Pose_Estimation_Using_Implicit_Distortion_Models_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Shape-Invariant 3D Adversarial Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huang_Shape-Invariant_3D_Adversarial_Point_Clouds_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
LAS-AT: Adversarial Training With Learnable Attack Strategy
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jia_LAS-AT_Adversarial_Training_With_Learnable_Attack_Strategy_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ELSR: Efficient Line Segment Reconstruction With Planes and Points Guidance
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wei_ELSR_Efficient_Line_Segment_Reconstruction_With_Planes_and_Points_Guidance_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DST: Dynamic Substitute Training for Data-Free Black-Box Attack
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_DST_Dynamic_Substitute_Training_for_Data-Free_Black-Box_Attack_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Pre-Training for Temporal Action Localization Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Unsupervised_Pre-Training_for_Temporal_Action_Localization_Tasks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Come-Closer-Diffuse-Faster: Accelerating Conditional Diffusion Models for Inverse Problems Through Stochastic Contraction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chung_Come-Closer-Diffuse-Faster_Accelerating_Conditional_Diffusion_Models_for_Inverse_Problems_Through_Stochastic_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Smooth-Swap: A Simple Enhancement for Face-Swapping With Smoothness
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_Smooth-Swap_A_Simple_Enhancement_for_Face-Swapping_With_Smoothness_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
High-Fidelity Human Avatars From a Single RGB Camera
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhao_High-Fidelity_Human_Avatars_From_a_Single_RGB_Camera_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ADAPT: Vision-Language Navigation With Modality-Aligned Action Prompts
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lin_ADAPT_Vision-Language_Navigation_With_Modality-Aligned_Action_Prompts_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Automated Progressive Learning for Efficient Training of Vision Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Automated_Progressive_Learning_for_Efficient_Training_of_Vision_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Single-Stage Is Enough: Multi-Person Absolute 3D Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jin_Single-Stage_Is_Enough_Multi-Person_Absolute_3D_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MulT: An End-to-End Multitask Learning Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bhattacharjee_MulT_An_End-to-End_Multitask_Learning_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DeeCap: Dynamic Early Exiting for Efficient Image Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fei_DeeCap_Dynamic_Early_Exiting_for_Efficient_Image_Captioning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised Few-Shot Learning via Multi-Factor Clustering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ling_Semi-Supervised_Few-Shot_Learning_via_Multi-Factor_Clustering_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Weakly-Supervised Generation and Grounding of Visual Descriptions With Conditional Generative Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mavroudi_Weakly-Supervised_Generation_and_Grounding_of_Visual_Descriptions_With_Conditional_Generative_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ARCS: Accurate Rotation and Correspondence Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Peng_ARCS_Accurate_Rotation_and_Correspondence_Search_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning To Anticipate Future With Dynamic Context Removal
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_Learning_To_Anticipate_Future_With_Dynamic_Context_Removal_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Perception Prioritized Training of Diffusion Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Choi_Perception_Prioritized_Training_of_Diffusion_Models_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CHEX: CHannel EXploration for CNN Model Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hou_CHEX_CHannel_EXploration_for_CNN_Model_Compression_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Generalizable Human Pose Triangulation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bartol_Generalizable_Human_Pose_Triangulation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
BppAttack: Stealthy and Efficient Trojan Attacks Against Deep Neural Networks via Image Quantization and Contrastive Adversarial Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_BppAttack_Stealthy_and_Efficient_Trojan_Attacks_Against_Deep_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Ensembling Off-the-Shelf Models for GAN Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kumari_Ensembling_Off-the-Shelf_Models_for_GAN_Training_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Segment and Complete: Defending Object Detectors Against Adversarial Patch Attacks With Robust Patch Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Segment_and_Complete_Defending_Object_Detectors_Against_Adversarial_Patch_Attacks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Deeper Dive Into What Deep Spatiotemporal Networks Encode: Quantifying Static vs. Dynamic Information
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kowal_A_Deeper_Dive_Into_What_Deep_Spatiotemporal_Networks_Encode_Quantifying_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Style Transformer for Image Inversion and Editing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hu_Style_Transformer_for_Image_Inversion_and_Editing_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Pyramid Adversarial Training Improves ViT Performance
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Herrmann_Pyramid_Adversarial_Training_Improves_ViT_Performance_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Bridging Global Context Interactions for High-Fidelity Image Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zheng_Bridging_Global_Context_Interactions_for_High-Fidelity_Image_Completion_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
InfoNeRF: Ray Entropy Minimization for Few-Shot Neural Volume Rendering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_InfoNeRF_Ray_Entropy_Minimization_for_Few-Shot_Neural_Volume_Rendering_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Dist-PU: Positive-Unlabeled Learning From a Label Distribution Perspective
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhao_Dist-PU_Positive-Unlabeled_Learning_From_a_Label_Distribution_Perspective_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SC2-PCR: A Second Order Spatial Compatibility for Efficient and Robust Point Cloud Registration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_SC2-PCR_A_Second_Order_Spatial_Compatibility_for_Efficient_and_Robust_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Relative Pose From a Calibrated and an Uncalibrated Smartphone Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ding_Relative_Pose_From_a_Calibrated_and_an_Uncalibrated_Smartphone_Image_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Not All Tokens Are Equal: Human-Centric Visual Analysis via Token Clustering Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zeng_Not_All_Tokens_Are_Equal_Human-Centric_Visual_Analysis_via_Token_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Sound and Visual Representation Learning With Multiple Pretraining Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Vasudevan_Sound_and_Visual_Representation_Learning_With_Multiple_Pretraining_Tasks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RePaint: Inpainting Using Denoising Diffusion Probabilistic Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lugmayr_RePaint_Inpainting_Using_Denoising_Diffusion_Probabilistic_Models_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Meta Agent Teaming Active Learning for Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gong_Meta_Agent_Teaming_Active_Learning_for_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Pseudo-Q: Generating Pseudo Language Queries for Visual Grounding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jiang_Pseudo-Q_Generating_Pseudo_Language_Queries_for_Visual_Grounding_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Discovering the Effectiveness of Moderately Confident Samples for Semi-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tang_Towards_Discovering_the_Effectiveness_of_Moderately_Confident_Samples_for_Semi-Supervised_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
The Neurally-Guided Shape Parser: Grammar-Based Labeling of 3D Shape Regions With Approximate Inference
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jones_The_Neurally-Guided_Shape_Parser_Grammar-Based_Labeling_of_3D_Shape_Regions_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Weakly-Supervised Online Action Segmentation in Multi-View Instructional Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ghoddoosian_Weakly-Supervised_Online_Action_Segmentation_in_Multi-View_Instructional_Videos_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Disentangling Visual Embeddings for Attributes and Objects
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Saini_Disentangling_Visual_Embeddings_for_Attributes_and_Objects_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MiniViT: Compressing Vision Transformers With Weight Multiplexing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_MiniViT_Compressing_Vision_Transformers_With_Weight_Multiplexing_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Segmentation on Outdoor 4D Point Clouds With Temporal Matching and Spatial Graph Propagation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shi_Weakly_Supervised_Segmentation_on_Outdoor_4D_Point_Clouds_With_Temporal_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
NeurMiPs: Neural Mixture of Planar Experts for View Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lin_NeurMiPs_Neural_Mixture_of_Planar_Experts_for_View_Synthesis_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SplitNets: Designing Neural Architectures for Efficient Distributed Computing on Head-Mounted Systems
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dong_SplitNets_Designing_Neural_Architectures_for_Efficient_Distributed_Computing_on_Head-Mounted_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Boosting Robustness of Image Matting With Context Assembling and Strong Data Augmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dai_Boosting_Robustness_of_Image_Matting_With_Context_Assembling_and_Strong_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Spatial Reasoning on Multi-View Line Drawings
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xiang_Self-Supervised_Spatial_Reasoning_on_Multi-View_Line_Drawings_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Cross-Patch Dense Contrastive Learning for Semi-Supervised Segmentation of Cellular Nuclei in Histopathologic Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_Cross-Patch_Dense_Contrastive_Learning_for_Semi-Supervised_Segmentation_of_Cellular_Nuclei_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Frame-Wise Action Representations for Long Videos via Sequence Contrastive Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Frame-Wise_Action_Representations_for_Long_Videos_via_Sequence_Contrastive_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Generalized Binary Search Network for Highly-Efficient Multi-View Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mi_Generalized_Binary_Search_Network_for_Highly-Efficient_Multi-View_Stereo_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Mega-NERF: Scalable Construction of Large-Scale NeRFs for Virtual Fly-Throughs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Turki_Mega-NERF_Scalable_Construction_of_Large-Scale_NeRFs_for_Virtual_Fly-Throughs_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Adversarial Eigen Attack on Black-Box Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhou_Adversarial_Eigen_Attack_on_Black-Box_Models_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Cloth-Changing Person Re-Identification From a Single Image With Gait Prediction and Regularization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jin_Cloth-Changing_Person_Re-Identification_From_a_Single_Image_With_Gait_Prediction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural Architecture Search With Representation Mutual Information
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zheng_Neural_Architecture_Search_With_Representation_Mutual_Information_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Can Neural Nets Learn the Same Model Twice? Investigating Reproducibility and Double Descent From the Decision Boundary Perspective
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Somepalli_Can_Neural_Nets_Learn_the_Same_Model_Twice_Investigating_Reproducibility_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multi-View Transformer for 3D Visual Grounding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huang_Multi-View_Transformer_for_3D_Visual_Grounding_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Continual Predictive Learning From Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Continual_Predictive_Learning_From_Videos_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Knowledge Distillation: A Good Teacher Is Patient and Consistent
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Beyer_Knowledge_Distillation_A_Good_Teacher_Is_Patient_and_Consistent_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Training High-Performance Low-Latency Spiking Neural Networks by Differentiation on Spike Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Meng_Training_High-Performance_Low-Latency_Spiking_Neural_Networks_by_Differentiation_on_Spike_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Lifelong Graph Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Lifelong_Graph_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Practical Certifiable Patch Defense With Vision Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Towards_Practical_Certifiable_Patch_Defense_With_Vision_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Label, Verify, Correct: A Simple Few Shot Object Detection Method
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kaul_Label_Verify_Correct_A_Simple_Few_Shot_Object_Detection_Method_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Autoregressive Image Generation Using Residual Quantization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lee_Autoregressive_Image_Generation_Using_Residual_Quantization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
End-to-End Compressed Video Representation Learning for Generic Event Boundary Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_End-to-End_Compressed_Video_Representation_Learning_for_Generic_Event_Boundary_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
TeachAugment: Data Augmentation Optimization Using Teacher Knowledge
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Suzuki_TeachAugment_Data_Augmentation_Optimization_Using_Teacher_Knowledge_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Temporal Sentence Grounding With Gaussian-Based Contrastive Proposal Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zheng_Weakly_Supervised_Temporal_Sentence_Grounding_With_Gaussian-Based_Contrastive_Proposal_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Task-Specific Inconsistency Alignment for Domain Adaptive Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhao_Task-Specific_Inconsistency_Alignment_for_Domain_Adaptive_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Capturing Humans in Motion: Temporal-Attentive 3D Human Pose and Shape Estimation From Monocular Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wei_Capturing_Humans_in_Motion_Temporal-Attentive_3D_Human_Pose_and_Shape_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MixFormer: End-to-End Tracking With Iterative Mixed Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cui_MixFormer_End-to-End_Tracking_With_Iterative_Mixed_Attention_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
InOut: Diverse Image Outpainting via GAN Inversion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cheng_InOut_Diverse_Image_Outpainting_via_GAN_Inversion_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
What Matters for Meta-Learning Vision Regression Tasks?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gao_What_Matters_for_Meta-Learning_Vision_Regression_Tasks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Interspace Pruning: Using Adaptive Filter Representations To Improve Training of Sparse CNNs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wimmer_Interspace_Pruning_Using_Adaptive_Filter_Representations_To_Improve_Training_of_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Frequency-Driven Imperceptible Adversarial Attack on Semantic Similarity
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Luo_Frequency-Driven_Imperceptible_Adversarial_Attack_on_Semantic_Similarity_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ZZ-Net: A Universal Rotation Equivariant Architecture for 2D Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bokman_ZZ-Net_A_Universal_Rotation_Equivariant_Architecture_for_2D_Point_Clouds_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GRAM: Generative Radiance Manifolds for 3D-Aware Image Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Deng_GRAM_Generative_Radiance_Manifolds_for_3D-Aware_Image_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
UniVIP: A Unified Framework for Self-Supervised Visual Pre-Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_UniVIP_A_Unified_Framework_for_Self-Supervised_Visual_Pre-Training_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Decoupling Zero-Shot Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ding_Decoupling_Zero-Shot_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Robust Vision Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mao_Towards_Robust_Vision_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Stochastic Variance Reduced Ensemble Adversarial Attack for Boosting the Adversarial Transferability
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xiong_Stochastic_Variance_Reduced_Ensemble_Adversarial_Attack_for_Boosting_the_Adversarial_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Unknown-Aware Object Detection: Learning What You Don&#x27;t Know From Videos in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Du_Unknown-Aware_Object_Detection_Learning_What_You_Dont_Know_From_Videos_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multi-Modal Extreme Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mittal_Multi-Modal_Extreme_Classification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
IFOR: Iterative Flow Minimization for Robotic Object Rearrangement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Goyal_IFOR_Iterative_Flow_Minimization_for_Robotic_Object_Rearrangement_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Training-Free Transformer Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhou_Training-Free_Transformer_Architecture_Search_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
TopFormer: Token Pyramid Transformer for Mobile Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_TopFormer_Token_Pyramid_Transformer_for_Mobile_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
3DAC: Learning Attribute Compression for Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fang_3DAC_Learning_Attribute_Compression_for_Point_Clouds_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Backdoor Defense Using Shapley Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guan_Few-Shot_Backdoor_Defense_Using_Shapley_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MixSTE: Seq2seq Mixed Spatio-Temporal Encoder for 3D Human Pose Estimation in Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_MixSTE_Seq2seq_Mixed_Spatio-Temporal_Encoder_for_3D_Human_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Safe-Student for Safe Deep Semi-Supervised Learning With Unseen-Class Unlabeled Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/He_Safe-Student_for_Safe_Deep_Semi-Supervised_Learning_With_Unseen-Class_Unlabeled_Data_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
High-Fidelity GAN Inversion for Image Attribute Editing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_High-Fidelity_GAN_Inversion_for_Image_Attribute_Editing_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MaskGIT: Masked Generative Image Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chang_MaskGIT_Masked_Generative_Image_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Instance-Aware Dynamic Neural Network Quantization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Instance-Aware_Dynamic_Neural_Network_Quantization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
When To Prune? A Policy Towards Early Structural Pruning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shen_When_To_Prune_A_Policy_Towards_Early_Structural_Pruning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
COTS: Collaborative Two-Stream Vision-Language Pre-Training Model for Cross-Modal Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lu_COTS_Collaborative_Two-Stream_Vision-Language_Pre-Training_Model_for_Cross-Modal_Retrieval_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Exploring Effective Data for Surrogate Training Towards Black-Box Attack
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sun_Exploring_Effective_Data_for_Surrogate_Training_Towards_Black-Box_Attack_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Investigating Top-k White-Box and Transferable Black-Box Attack
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Investigating_Top-k_White-Box_and_Transferable_Black-Box_Attack_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Self-Supervised Descriptor for Image Copy Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Pizzi_A_Self-Supervised_Descriptor_for_Image_Copy_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Manifold Learning Benefits GANs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ni_Manifold_Learning_Benefits_GANs_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Negative-Aware Attention Framework for Image-Text Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Negative-Aware_Attention_Framework_for_Image-Text_Matching_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
An Image Patch Is a Wave: Phase-Aware Vision MLP
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tang_An_Image_Patch_Is_a_Wave_Phase-Aware_Vision_MLP_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Shunted Self-Attention via Multi-Scale Token Aggregation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ren_Shunted_Self-Attention_via_Multi-Scale_Token_Aggregation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Shadows Can Be Dangerous: Stealthy and Effective Physical-World Adversarial Attack by Natural Phenomenon
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhong_Shadows_Can_Be_Dangerous_Stealthy_and_Effective_Physical-World_Adversarial_Attack_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ImplicitAtlas: Learning Deformable Shape Templates in Medical Imaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_ImplicitAtlas_Learning_Deformable_Shape_Templates_in_Medical_Imaging_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Contrastive Learning for Space-Time Correspondence via Self-Cycle Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Son_Contrastive_Learning_for_Space-Time_Correspondence_via_Self-Cycle_Consistency_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Scale-Equivalent Distillation for Semi-Supervised Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guo_Scale-Equivalent_Distillation_for_Semi-Supervised_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Attribute Group Editing for Reliable Few-Shot Image Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ding_Attribute_Group_Editing_for_Reliable_Few-Shot_Image_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Polymorphic-GAN: Generating Aligned Samples Across Multiple Domains With Learned Morph Maps
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_Polymorphic-GAN_Generating_Aligned_Samples_Across_Multiple_Domains_With_Learned_Morph_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Appearance and Structure Aware Robust Deep Visual Graph Matching: Attack, Defense and Beyond
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ren_Appearance_and_Structure_Aware_Robust_Deep_Visual_Graph_Matching_Attack_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Feature Statistics Mixing Regularization for Generative Adversarial Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_Feature_Statistics_Mixing_Regularization_for_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Urban Radiance Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Rematas_Urban_Radiance_Fields_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Upright-Net: Learning Upright Orientation for 3D Point Cloud
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Pang_Upright-Net_Learning_Upright_Orientation_for_3D_Point_Cloud_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Geometric and Textural Augmentation for Domain Gap Reduction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Geometric_and_Textural_Augmentation_for_Domain_Gap_Reduction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HybridCR: Weakly-Supervised 3D Point Cloud Semantic Segmentation via Hybrid Contrastive Regularization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_HybridCR_Weakly-Supervised_3D_Point_Cloud_Semantic_Segmentation_via_Hybrid_Contrastive_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Fine-Tuning Image Transformers Using Learnable Memory
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sandler_Fine-Tuning_Image_Transformers_Using_Learnable_Memory_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Not All Relations Are Equal: Mining Informative Labels for Scene Graph Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Goel_Not_All_Relations_Are_Equal_Mining_Informative_Labels_for_Scene_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning To Detect Scene Landmarks for Camera Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Do_Learning_To_Detect_Scene_Landmarks_for_Camera_Localization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
FashionVLP: Vision Language Transformer for Fashion Retrieval With Feedback
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Goenka_FashionVLP_Vision_Language_Transformer_for_Fashion_Retrieval_With_Feedback_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Cross-Image Relational Knowledge Distillation for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Cross-Image_Relational_Knowledge_Distillation_for_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A-ViT: Adaptive Tokens for Efficient Vision Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yin_A-ViT_Adaptive_Tokens_for_Efficient_Vision_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Calibrating Deep Neural Networks by Pairwise Constraints
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cheng_Calibrating_Deep_Neural_Networks_by_Pairwise_Constraints_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Sign Language Video Retrieval With Free-Form Textual Queries
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Duarte_Sign_Language_Video_Retrieval_With_Free-Form_Textual_Queries_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
VisualHow: Multimodal Problem Solving
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_VisualHow_Multimodal_Problem_Solving_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
OSSGAN: Open-Set Semi-Supervised Image Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Katsumata_OSSGAN_Open-Set_Semi-Supervised_Image_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Lite Vision Transformer With Enhanced Self-Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Lite_Vision_Transformer_With_Enhanced_Self-Attention_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
NinjaDesc: Content-Concealing Visual Descriptors via Adversarial Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ng_NinjaDesc_Content-Concealing_Visual_Descriptors_via_Adversarial_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
FLAG: Flow-Based 3D Avatar Generation From Sparse Observations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Aliakbarian_FLAG_Flow-Based_3D_Avatar_Generation_From_Sparse_Observations_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Panoptic Neural Fields: A Semantic Object-Aware Neural Scene Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kundu_Panoptic_Neural_Fields_A_Semantic_Object-Aware_Neural_Scene_Representation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Decoupled Knowledge Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhao_Decoupled_Knowledge_Distillation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Sampling-Based Approach for Efficient Clustering in Large Datasets
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Exarchakis_A_Sampling-Based_Approach_for_Efficient_Clustering_in_Large_Datasets_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Dual Task Learning by Leveraging Both Dense Correspondence and Mis-Correspondence for Robust Change Detection With Imperfect Matches
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Park_Dual_Task_Learning_by_Leveraging_Both_Dense_Correspondence_and_Mis-Correspondence_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Patch Slimming for Efficient Vision Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tang_Patch_Slimming_for_Efficient_Vision_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
End-to-End Semi-Supervised Learning for Video Action Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kumar_End-to-End_Semi-Supervised_Learning_for_Video_Action_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Cluster-Guided Image Synthesis With Unconditional Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Georgopoulos_Cluster-Guided_Image_Synthesis_With_Unconditional_Models_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Virtual Correspondence: Humans as a Cue for Extreme-View Geometry
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ma_Virtual_Correspondence_Humans_as_a_Cue_for_Extreme-View_Geometry_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Shape From Thermal Radiation: Passive Ranging Using Multi-Spectral LWIR Measurements
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Nagase_Shape_From_Thermal_Radiation_Passive_Ranging_Using_Multi-Spectral_LWIR_Measurements_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CADTransformer: Panoptic Symbol Spotting Transformer for CAD Drawings
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fan_CADTransformer_Panoptic_Symbol_Spotting_Transformer_for_CAD_Drawings_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
IntraQ: Learning Synthetic Images With Intra-Class Heterogeneity for Zero-Shot Network Quantization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhong_IntraQ_Learning_Synthetic_Images_With_Intra-Class_Heterogeneity_for_Zero-Shot_Network_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
I M Avatar: Implicit Morphable Head Avatars From Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zheng_I_M_Avatar_Implicit_Morphable_Head_Avatars_From_Videos_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
BodyMap: Learning Full-Body Dense Correspondence Map
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ianina_BodyMap_Learning_Full-Body_Dense_Correspondence_Map_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Hybrid Egocentric Activity Anticipation Framework via Memory-Augmented Recurrent and One-Shot Representation Forecasting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_A_Hybrid_Egocentric_Activity_Anticipation_Framework_via_Memory-Augmented_Recurrent_and_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multi-Modal Dynamic Graph Transformer for Visual Grounding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Multi-Modal_Dynamic_Graph_Transformer_for_Visual_Grounding_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Generative Cooperative Learning for Unsupervised Video Anomaly Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zaheer_Generative_Cooperative_Learning_for_Unsupervised_Video_Anomaly_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Geometric Transformer for Fast and Robust Point Cloud Registration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Qin_Geometric_Transformer_for_Fast_and_Robust_Point_Cloud_Registration_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Demystifying the Neural Tangent Kernel From a Practical Perspective: Can It Be Trusted for Neural Architecture Search Without Training?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mok_Demystifying_the_Neural_Tangent_Kernel_From_a_Practical_Perspective_Can_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning To Find Good Models in RANSAC
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Barath_Learning_To_Find_Good_Models_in_RANSAC_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deep Depth From Focus With Differential Focus Volume
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Deep_Depth_From_Focus_With_Differential_Focus_Volume_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DiLiGenT102: A Photometric Stereo Benchmark Dataset With Controlled Shape and Material Variation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ren_DiLiGenT102_A_Photometric_Stereo_Benchmark_Dataset_With_Controlled_Shape_and_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Data-Free Model Stealing in a Hard Label Setting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sanyal_Towards_Data-Free_Model_Stealing_in_a_Hard_Label_Setting_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GAT-CADNet: Graph Attention Network for Panoptic Symbol Spotting in CAD Drawings
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zheng_GAT-CADNet_Graph_Attention_Network_for_Panoptic_Symbol_Spotting_in_CAD_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Degradation-Agnostic Correspondence From Resolution-Asymmetric Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Degradation-Agnostic_Correspondence_From_Resolution-Asymmetric_Stereo_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GPU-Based Homotopy Continuation for Minimal Problems in Computer Vision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chien_GPU-Based_Homotopy_Continuation_for_Minimal_Problems_in_Computer_Vision_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Lite Pose: Efficient Architecture Design for 2D Human Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Lite_Pose_Efficient_Architecture_Design_for_2D_Human_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Boosting Black-Box Attack With Partially Transferred Conditional Adversarial Distribution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Feng_Boosting_Black-Box_Attack_With_Partially_Transferred_Conditional_Adversarial_Distribution_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multi-Person Extreme Motion Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guo_Multi-Person_Extreme_Motion_Prediction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Masking Adversarial Damage: Finding Adversarial Saliency for Robust and Sparse Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lee_Masking_Adversarial_Damage_Finding_Adversarial_Saliency_for_Robust_and_Sparse_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Channel Balancing for Accurate Quantization of Winograd Convolutions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chikin_Channel_Balancing_for_Accurate_Quantization_of_Winograd_Convolutions_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Structured Local Radiance Fields for Human Avatar Modeling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zheng_Structured_Local_Radiance_Fields_for_Human_Avatar_Modeling_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learnable Lookup Table for Neural Network Quantization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Learnable_Lookup_Table_for_Neural_Network_Quantization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
AdaViT: Adaptive Vision Transformers for Efficient Image Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Meng_AdaViT_Adaptive_Vision_Transformers_for_Efficient_Image_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
NAN: Noise-Aware NeRFs for Burst-Denoising
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Pearl_NAN_Noise-Aware_NeRFs_for_Burst-Denoising_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Physical Inertial Poser (PIP): Physics-Aware Real-Time Human Motion Tracking From Sparse Inertial Sensors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yi_Physical_Inertial_Poser_PIP_Physics-Aware_Real-Time_Human_Motion_Tracking_From_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
b-DARTS: Beta-Decay Regularization for Differentiable Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ye_b-DARTS_Beta-Decay_Regularization_for_Differentiable_Architecture_Search_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Vector Quantized Diffusion Model for Text-to-Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gu_Vector_Quantized_Diffusion_Model_for_Text-to-Image_Synthesis_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CMT: Convolutional Neural Networks Meet Vision Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guo_CMT_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_Meet_Vision_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Optimizing Elimination Templates by Greedy Parameter Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Martyushev_Optimizing_Elimination_Templates_by_Greedy_Parameter_Search_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
TransMix: Attend To Mix for Vision Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_TransMix_Attend_To_Mix_for_Vision_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HOP: History-and-Order Aware Pre-Training for Vision-and-Language Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Qiao_HOP_History-and-Order_Aware_Pre-Training_for_Vision-and-Language_Navigation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Exploring the Equivalence of Siamese Self-Supervised Learning via a Unified Gradient Framework
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tao_Exploring_the_Equivalence_of_Siamese_Self-Supervised_Learning_via_a_Unified_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Enhancing Classifier Conservativeness and Robustness by Polynomiality
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Enhancing_Classifier_Conservativeness_and_Robustness_by_Polynomiality_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Revisiting Domain Generalized Stereo Matching Networks From a Feature Consistency Perspective
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Revisiting_Domain_Generalized_Stereo_Matching_Networks_From_a_Feature_Consistency_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
TubeFormer-DeepLab: Video Mask Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_TubeFormer-DeepLab_Video_Mask_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Continuous Scene Representations for Embodied AI
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gadre_Continuous_Scene_Representations_for_Embodied_AI_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Marginal Contrastive Correspondence for Guided Image Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhan_Marginal_Contrastive_Correspondence_for_Guided_Image_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Complex Backdoor Detection by Symmetric Feature Differencing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Complex_Backdoor_Detection_by_Symmetric_Feature_Differencing_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Adversarial Parametric Pose Prior
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Davydov_Adversarial_Parametric_Pose_Prior_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Location-Free Human Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_Location-Free_Human_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Proper Reuse of Image Classification Features Improves Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Vasconcelos_Proper_Reuse_of_Image_Classification_Features_Improves_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Optimal LED Spectral Multiplexing for NIR2RGB Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Optimal_LED_Spectral_Multiplexing_for_NIR2RGB_Translation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Expanding Large Pre-Trained Unimodal Models With Multimodal Information Injection for Image-Text Multimodal Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liang_Expanding_Large_Pre-Trained_Unimodal_Models_With_Multimodal_Information_Injection_for_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ClusterGNN: Cluster-Based Coarse-To-Fine Graph Neural Network for Efficient Feature Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shi_ClusterGNN_Cluster-Based_Coarse-To-Fine_Graph_Neural_Network_for_Efficient_Feature_Matching_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
AdaptPose: Cross-Dataset Adaptation for 3D Human Pose Estimation by Learnable Motion Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gholami_AdaptPose_Cross-Dataset_Adaptation_for_3D_Human_Pose_Estimation_by_Learnable_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ClothFormer: Taming Video Virtual Try-On in All Module
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jiang_ClothFormer_Taming_Video_Virtual_Try-On_in_All_Module_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Class-Balanced Pixel-Level Self-Labeling for Domain Adaptive Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Class-Balanced_Pixel-Level_Self-Labeling_for_Domain_Adaptive_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Improving Robustness Against Stealthy Weight Bit-Flip Attacks by Output Code Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ozdenizci_Improving_Robustness_Against_Stealthy_Weight_Bit-Flip_Attacks_by_Output_Code_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
TubeR: Tubelet Transformer for Video Action Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhao_TubeR_Tubelet_Transformer_for_Video_Action_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
LASER: LAtent SpacE Rendering for 2D Visual Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Min_LASER_LAtent_SpacE_Rendering_for_2D_Visual_Localization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MUM: Mix Image Tiles and UnMix Feature Tiles for Semi-Supervised Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_MUM_Mix_Image_Tiles_and_UnMix_Feature_Tiles_for_Semi-Supervised_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
On Adversarial Robustness of Trajectory Prediction for Autonomous Vehicles
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_On_Adversarial_Robustness_of_Trajectory_Prediction_for_Autonomous_Vehicles_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Pushing the Performance Limit of Scene Text Recognizer Without Human Annotation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zheng_Pushing_the_Performance_Limit_of_Scene_Text_Recognizer_Without_Human_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Boosting 3D Object Detection by Simulating Multimodality on Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zheng_Boosting_3D_Object_Detection_by_Simulating_Multimodality_on_Point_Clouds_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
UDA-COPE: Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Category-Level Object Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lee_UDA-COPE_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_for_Category-Level_Object_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Non-Target Knowledge for Few-Shot Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Learning_Non-Target_Knowledge_for_Few-Shot_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Real-Time Hyperspectral Imaging in Hardware via Trained Metasurface Encoders
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Makarenko_Real-Time_Hyperspectral_Imaging_in_Hardware_via_Trained_Metasurface_Encoders_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Contextual Debiasing for Visual Recognition With Causal Mechanisms
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Contextual_Debiasing_for_Visual_Recognition_With_Causal_Mechanisms_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PokeBNN: A Binary Pursuit of Lightweight Accuracy
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_PokeBNN_A_Binary_Pursuit_of_Lightweight_Accuracy_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
How Do You Do It? Fine-Grained Action Understanding With Pseudo-Adverbs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Doughty_How_Do_You_Do_It_Fine-Grained_Action_Understanding_With_Pseudo-Adverbs_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SOMSI: Spherical Novel View Synthesis With Soft Occlusion Multi-Sphere Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Habtegebrial_SOMSI_Spherical_Novel_View_Synthesis_With_Soft_Occlusion_Multi-Sphere_Images_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PoseTriplet: Co-Evolving 3D Human Pose Estimation, Imitation, and Hallucination Under Self-Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gong_PoseTriplet_Co-Evolving_3D_Human_Pose_Estimation_Imitation_and_Hallucination_Under_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Coarse-To-Fine Q-Attention: Efficient Learning for Visual Robotic Manipulation via Discretisation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/James_Coarse-To-Fine_Q-Attention_Efficient_Learning_for_Visual_Robotic_Manipulation_via_Discretisation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Visual Abductive Reasoning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liang_Visual_Abductive_Reasoning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
NICGSlowDown: Evaluating the Efficiency Robustness of Neural Image Caption Generation Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_NICGSlowDown_Evaluating_the_Efficiency_Robustness_of_Neural_Image_Caption_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Keypoint Transformer: Solving Joint Identification in Challenging Hands and Object Interactions for Accurate 3D Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hampali_Keypoint_Transformer_Solving_Joint_Identification_in_Challenging_Hands_and_Object_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SemanticStyleGAN: Learning Compositional Generative Priors for Controllable Image Synthesis and Editing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shi_SemanticStyleGAN_Learning_Compositional_Generative_Priors_for_Controllable_Image_Synthesis_and_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Label-Only Model Inversion Attacks via Boundary Repulsion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kahla_Label-Only_Model_Inversion_Attacks_via_Boundary_Repulsion_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Where To Learn in Cross-View Self-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huang_Learning_Where_To_Learn_in_Cross-View_Self-Supervised_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SemAffiNet: Semantic-Affine Transformation for Point Cloud Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_SemAffiNet_Semantic-Affine_Transformation_for_Point_Cloud_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Shapley-NAS: Discovering Operation Contribution for Neural Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xiao_Shapley-NAS_Discovering_Operation_Contribution_for_Neural_Architecture_Search_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Vision-Language Pre-Training With Triple Contrastive Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Vision-Language_Pre-Training_With_Triple_Contrastive_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Fourier PlenOctrees for Dynamic Radiance Field Rendering in Real-Time
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Fourier_PlenOctrees_for_Dynamic_Radiance_Field_Rendering_in_Real-Time_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Practical Deployment-Stage Backdoor Attack on Deep Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Qi_Towards_Practical_Deployment-Stage_Backdoor_Attack_on_Deep_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Scaling Vision Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhai_Scaling_Vision_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learned Queries for Efficient Local Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Arar_Learned_Queries_for_Efficient_Local_Attention_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Stereoscopic Universal Perturbations Across Different Architectures and Datasets
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Berger_Stereoscopic_Universal_Perturbations_Across_Different_Architectures_and_Datasets_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
AutoGPart: Intermediate Supervision Search for Generalizable 3D Part Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_AutoGPart_Intermediate_Supervision_Search_for_Generalizable_3D_Part_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DeltaCNN: End-to-End CNN Inference of Sparse Frame Differences in Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Parger_DeltaCNN_End-to-End_CNN_Inference_of_Sparse_Frame_Differences_in_Videos_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MNSRNet: Multimodal Transformer Network for 3D Surface Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xie_MNSRNet_Multimodal_Transformer_Network_for_3D_Surface_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Scene Graph Expansion for Semantics-Guided Image Outpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Scene_Graph_Expansion_for_Semantics-Guided_Image_Outpainting_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Bridged Transformer for Vision and Point Cloud 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Bridged_Transformer_for_Vision_and_Point_Cloud_3D_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
TransVPR: Transformer-Based Place Recognition With Multi-Level Attention Aggregation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_TransVPR_Transformer-Based_Place_Recognition_With_Multi-Level_Attention_Aggregation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Give Me Your Attention: Dot-Product Attention Considered Harmful for Adversarial Patch Robustness
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lovisotto_Give_Me_Your_Attention_Dot-Product_Attention_Considered_Harmful_for_Adversarial_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
AKB-48: A Real-World Articulated Object Knowledge Base
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_AKB-48_A_Real-World_Articulated_Object_Knowledge_Base_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Aug-NeRF: Training Stronger Neural Radiance Fields With Triple-Level Physically-Grounded Augmentations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Aug-NeRF_Training_Stronger_Neural_Radiance_Fields_With_Triple-Level_Physically-Grounded_Augmentations_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RGB-Multispectral Matching: Dataset, Learning Methodology, Evaluation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tosi_RGB-Multispectral_Matching_Dataset_Learning_Methodology_Evaluation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Id-Free Person Similarity Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shuai_Id-Free_Person_Similarity_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Semantic-Shape Adaptive Feature Modulation for Semantic Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lv_Semantic-Shape_Adaptive_Feature_Modulation_for_Semantic_Image_Synthesis_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Day-to-Night Image Synthesis for Training Nighttime Neural ISPs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Punnappurath_Day-to-Night_Image_Synthesis_for_Training_Nighttime_Neural_ISPs_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Holocurtains: Programming Light Curtains via Binary Holography
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chan_Holocurtains_Programming_Light_Curtains_via_Binary_Holography_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Adaptive Warping for Real-World Rolling Shutter Correction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cao_Learning_Adaptive_Warping_for_Real-World_Rolling_Shutter_Correction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Bongard-HOI: Benchmarking Few-Shot Visual Reasoning for Human-Object Interactions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jiang_Bongard-HOI_Benchmarking_Few-Shot_Visual_Reasoning_for_Human-Object_Interactions_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ZeroCap: Zero-Shot Image-to-Text Generation for Visual-Semantic Arithmetic
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tewel_ZeroCap_Zero-Shot_Image-to-Text_Generation_for_Visual-Semantic_Arithmetic_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
End-to-End Generative Pretraining for Multimodal Video Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Seo_End-to-End_Generative_Pretraining_for_Multimodal_Video_Captioning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Stochastic Trajectory Prediction via Motion Indeterminacy Diffusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gu_Stochastic_Trajectory_Prediction_via_Motion_Indeterminacy_Diffusion_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Cross-Modal Clinical Graph Transformer for Ophthalmic Report Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Cross-Modal_Clinical_Graph_Transformer_for_Ophthalmic_Report_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Human-Object Interaction Detection via Disentangled Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhou_Human-Object_Interaction_Detection_via_Disentangled_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CVF-SID: Cyclic Multi-Variate Function for Self-Supervised Image Denoising by Disentangling Noise From Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Neshatavar_CVF-SID_Cyclic_Multi-Variate_Function_for_Self-Supervised_Image_Denoising_by_Disentangling_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
FaceFormer: Speech-Driven 3D Facial Animation With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fan_FaceFormer_Speech-Driven_3D_Facial_Animation_With_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Exploring Patch-Wise Semantic Relation for Contrastive Learning in Image-to-Image Translation Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jung_Exploring_Patch-Wise_Semantic_Relation_for_Contrastive_Learning_in_Image-to-Image_Translation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards General Purpose Vision Systems: An End-to-End Task-Agnostic Vision-Language Architecture
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gupta_Towards_General_Purpose_Vision_Systems_An_End-to-End_Task-Agnostic_Vision-Language_Architecture_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
LiT: Zero-Shot Transfer With Locked-Image Text Tuning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhai_LiT_Zero-Shot_Transfer_With_Locked-Image_Text_Tuning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GeoNeRF: Generalizing NeRF With Geometry Priors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Johari_GeoNeRF_Generalizing_NeRF_With_Geometry_Priors_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PhoCaL: A Multi-Modal Dataset for Category-Level Object Pose Estimation With Photometrically Challenging Objects
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_PhoCaL_A_Multi-Modal_Dataset_for_Category-Level_Object_Pose_Estimation_With_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Uformer: A General U-Shaped Transformer for Image Restoration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Uformer_A_General_U-Shaped_Transformer_for_Image_Restoration_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Bridge-Prompt: Towards Ordinal Action Understanding in Instructional Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Bridge-Prompt_Towards_Ordinal_Action_Understanding_in_Instructional_Videos_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Cerberus Transformer: Joint Semantic, Affordance and Attribute Parsing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Cerberus_Transformer_Joint_Semantic_Affordance_and_Attribute_Parsing_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Single-Photon Structured Light
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sundar_Single-Photon_Structured_Light_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deblurring via Stochastic Refinement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Whang_Deblurring_via_Stochastic_Refinement_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
3DJCG: A Unified Framework for Joint Dense Captioning and Visual Grounding on 3D Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cai_3DJCG_A_Unified_Framework_for_Joint_Dense_Captioning_and_Visual_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Abandoning the Bayer-Filter To See in the Dark
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dong_Abandoning_the_Bayer-Filter_To_See_in_the_Dark_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Exploiting Temporal Relations on Radar Perception for Autonomous Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Exploiting_Temporal_Relations_on_Radar_Perception_for_Autonomous_Driving_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Forward Compatible Training for Large-Scale Embedding Retrieval Systems
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ramanujan_Forward_Compatible_Training_for_Large-Scale_Embedding_Retrieval_Systems_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Everything at Once - Multi-Modal Fusion Transformer for Video Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shvetsova_Everything_at_Once_-_Multi-Modal_Fusion_Transformer_for_Video_Retrieval_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural Template: Topology-Aware Reconstruction and Disentangled Generation of 3D Meshes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hui_Neural_Template_Topology-Aware_Reconstruction_and_Disentangled_Generation_of_3D_Meshes_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
AdaFace: Quality Adaptive Margin for Face Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_AdaFace_Quality_Adaptive_Margin_for_Face_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Soft Estimator of Keypoint Scale and Orientation With Probabilistic Covariant Loss
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yan_Learning_Soft_Estimator_of_Keypoint_Scale_and_Orientation_With_Probabilistic_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Opening Up Open World Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Opening_Up_Open_World_Tracking_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
OSSO: Obtaining Skeletal Shape From Outside
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Keller_OSSO_Obtaining_Skeletal_Shape_From_Outside_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Bayesian Invariant Risk Minimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lin_Bayesian_Invariant_Risk_Minimization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Alleviating Semantics Distortion in Unsupervised Low-Level Image-to-Image Translation via Structure Consistency Constraint
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guo_Alleviating_Semantics_Distortion_in_Unsupervised_Low-Level_Image-to-Image_Translation_via_Structure_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Uni-Perceiver: Pre-Training Unified Architecture for Generic Perception for Zero-Shot and Few-Shot Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhu_Uni-Perceiver_Pre-Training_Unified_Architecture_for_Generic_Perception_for_Zero-Shot_and_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
The Auto Arborist Dataset: A Large-Scale Benchmark for Multiview Urban Forest Monitoring Under Domain Shift
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Beery_The_Auto_Arborist_Dataset_A_Large-Scale_Benchmark_for_Multiview_Urban_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Real-Time, Accurate, and Consistent Video Semantic Segmentation via Unsupervised Adaptation and Cross-Unit Deployment on Mobile Device
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Park_Real-Time_Accurate_and_Consistent_Video_Semantic_Segmentation_via_Unsupervised_Adaptation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Style-Aware Discriminator for Controllable Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_A_Style-Aware_Discriminator_for_Controllable_Image_Translation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Incremental Cross-View Mutual Distillation for Self-Supervised Medical CT Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fang_Incremental_Cross-View_Mutual_Distillation_for_Self-Supervised_Medical_CT_Synthesis_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Moving Window Regression: A Novel Approach to Ordinal Regression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shin_Moving_Window_Regression_A_Novel_Approach_to_Ordinal_Regression_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ACPL: Anti-Curriculum Pseudo-Labelling for Semi-Supervised Medical Image Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_ACPL_Anti-Curriculum_Pseudo-Labelling_for_Semi-Supervised_Medical_Image_Classification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning to Deblur Using Light Field Generated and Real Defocus Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ruan_Learning_to_Deblur_Using_Light_Field_Generated_and_Real_Defocus_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PhotoScene: Photorealistic Material and Lighting Transfer for Indoor Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yeh_PhotoScene_Photorealistic_Material_and_Lighting_Transfer_for_Indoor_Scenes_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Versatile Multi-Modal Pre-Training for Human-Centric Perception
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hong_Versatile_Multi-Modal_Pre-Training_for_Human-Centric_Perception_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Contrastive Regression for Domain Adaptation on Gaze Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Contrastive_Regression_for_Domain_Adaptation_on_Gaze_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multi-View Consistent Generative Adversarial Networks for 3D-Aware Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Multi-View_Consistent_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_for_3D-Aware_Image_Synthesis_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Memory-Augmented Non-Local Attention for Video Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yu_Memory-Augmented_Non-Local_Attention_for_Video_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Classification-Then-Grounding: Reformulating Video Scene Graphs As Temporal Bipartite Graphs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gao_Classification-Then-Grounding_Reformulating_Video_Scene_Graphs_As_Temporal_Bipartite_Graphs_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Transformer-Empowered Multi-Scale Contextual Matching and Aggregation for Multi-Contrast MRI Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Transformer-Empowered_Multi-Scale_Contextual_Matching_and_Aggregation_for_Multi-Contrast_MRI_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GateHUB: Gated History Unit With Background Suppression for Online Action Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_GateHUB_Gated_History_Unit_With_Background_Suppression_for_Online_Action_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Bridging Video-Text Retrieval With Multiple Choice Questions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ge_Bridging_Video-Text_Retrieval_With_Multiple_Choice_Questions_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DF-GAN: A Simple and Effective Baseline for Text-to-Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tao_DF-GAN_A_Simple_and_Effective_Baseline_for_Text-to-Image_Synthesis_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CoNeRF: Controllable Neural Radiance Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kania_CoNeRF_Controllable_Neural_Radiance_Fields_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Noise2NoiseFlow: Realistic Camera Noise Modeling Without Clean Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Maleky_Noise2NoiseFlow_Realistic_Camera_Noise_Modeling_Without_Clean_Images_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ZeroWaste Dataset: Towards Deformable Object Segmentation in Cluttered Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bashkirova_ZeroWaste_Dataset_Towards_Deformable_Object_Segmentation_in_Cluttered_Scenes_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
UNIST: Unpaired Neural Implicit Shape Translation Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_UNIST_Unpaired_Neural_Implicit_Shape_Translation_Network_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Local-Adaptive Face Recognition via Graph-Based Meta-Clustering and Regularized Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhu_Local-Adaptive_Face_Recognition_via_Graph-Based_Meta-Clustering_and_Regularized_Adaptation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
The DEVIL Is in the Details: A Diagnostic Evaluation Benchmark for Video Inpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Szeto_The_DEVIL_Is_in_the_Details_A_Diagnostic_Evaluation_Benchmark_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Generating Useful Accident-Prone Driving Scenarios via a Learned Traffic Prior
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Rempe_Generating_Useful_Accident-Prone_Driving_Scenarios_via_a_Learned_Traffic_Prior_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Efficient Geometry-Aware 3D Generative Adversarial Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chan_Efficient_Geometry-Aware_3D_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Dancing Under the Stars: Video Denoising in Starlight
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Monakhova_Dancing_Under_the_Stars_Video_Denoising_in_Starlight_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SPAct: Self-Supervised Privacy Preservation for Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dave_SPAct_Self-Supervised_Privacy_Preservation_for_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
De-Rendering 3D Objects in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wimbauer_De-Rendering_3D_Objects_in_the_Wild_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Representing 3D Shapes With Probabilistic Directed Distance Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Aumentado-Armstrong_Representing_3D_Shapes_With_Probabilistic_Directed_Distance_Fields_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning ABCs: Approximate Bijective Correspondence for Isolating Factors of Variation With Weak Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Murphy_Learning_ABCs_Approximate_Bijective_Correspondence_for_Isolating_Factors_of_Variation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ABO: Dataset and Benchmarks for Real-World 3D Object Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Collins_ABO_Dataset_and_Benchmarks_for_Real-World_3D_Object_Understanding_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MS-TCT: Multi-Scale Temporal ConvTransformer for Action Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dai_MS-TCT_Multi-Scale_Temporal_ConvTransformer_for_Action_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Make It Move: Controllable Image-to-Video Generation With Text Descriptions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hu_Make_It_Move_Controllable_Image-to-Video_Generation_With_Text_Descriptions_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural Points: Point Cloud Representation With Neural Fields for Arbitrary Upsampling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Feng_Neural_Points_Point_Cloud_Representation_With_Neural_Fields_for_Arbitrary_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
FIFO: Learning Fog-Invariant Features for Foggy Scene Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lee_FIFO_Learning_Fog-Invariant_Features_for_Foggy_Scene_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Visual Representation Learning by Online Constrained K-Means
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Qian_Unsupervised_Visual_Representation_Learning_by_Online_Constrained_K-Means_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural Point Light Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ost_Neural_Point_Light_Fields_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Vehicle Trajectory Prediction Works, but Not Everywhere
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bahari_Vehicle_Trajectory_Prediction_Works_but_Not_Everywhere_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Instance-Wise Occlusion and Depth Orders in Natural Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lee_Instance-Wise_Occlusion_and_Depth_Orders_in_Natural_Scenes_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Contour-Hugging Heatmaps for Landmark Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/McCouat_Contour-Hugging_Heatmaps_for_Landmark_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DisARM: Displacement Aware Relation Module for 3D Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Duan_DisARM_Displacement_Aware_Relation_Module_for_3D_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
NeRF-Editing: Geometry Editing of Neural Radiance Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yuan_NeRF-Editing_Geometry_Editing_of_Neural_Radiance_Fields_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Optimal Correction Cost for Object Detection Evaluation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Otani_Optimal_Correction_Cost_for_Object_Detection_Evaluation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Artistic Style Discovery With Independent Components
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xie_Artistic_Style_Discovery_With_Independent_Components_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HyperStyle: StyleGAN Inversion With HyperNetworks for Real Image Editing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Alaluf_HyperStyle_StyleGAN_Inversion_With_HyperNetworks_for_Real_Image_Editing_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
LTP: Lane-Based Trajectory Prediction for Autonomous Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_LTP_Lane-Based_Trajectory_Prediction_for_Autonomous_Driving_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
AP-BSN: Self-Supervised Denoising for Real-World Images via Asymmetric PD and Blind-Spot Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lee_AP-BSN_Self-Supervised_Denoising_for_Real-World_Images_via_Asymmetric_PD_and_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Not All Points Are Equal: Learning Highly Efficient Point-Based Detectors for 3D LiDAR Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Not_All_Points_Are_Equal_Learning_Highly_Efficient_Point-Based_Detectors_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RigNeRF: Fully Controllable Neural 3D Portraits
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Athar_RigNeRF_Fully_Controllable_Neural_3D_Portraits_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CLIP-Forge: Towards Zero-Shot Text-To-Shape Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sanghi_CLIP-Forge_Towards_Zero-Shot_Text-To-Shape_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Instance-Dependent Label-Noise Learning With Manifold-Regularized Transition Matrix Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cheng_Instance-Dependent_Label-Noise_Learning_With_Manifold-Regularized_Transition_Matrix_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Rethinking the Augmentation Module in Contrastive Learning: Learning Hierarchical Augmentation Invariance With Expanded Views
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Rethinking_the_Augmentation_Module_in_Contrastive_Learning_Learning_Hierarchical_Augmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Equivariant Point Cloud Analysis via Learning Orientations for Message Passing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Luo_Equivariant_Point_Cloud_Analysis_via_Learning_Orientations_for_Message_Passing_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Node Representation Learning in Graph via Node-to-Neighbourhood Mutual Information Maximization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dong_Node_Representation_Learning_in_Graph_via_Node-to-Neighbourhood_Mutual_Information_Maximization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Point Cloud Pre-Training With Natural 3D Structures
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yamada_Point_Cloud_Pre-Training_With_Natural_3D_Structures_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
StyleT2I: Toward Compositional and High-Fidelity Text-to-Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_StyleT2I_Toward_Compositional_and_High-Fidelity_Text-to-Image_Synthesis_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
V-Doc: Visual Questions Answers With Documents
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ding_V-Doc_Visual_Questions_Answers_With_Documents_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Uncertainty-Guided Probabilistic Transformer for Complex Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guo_Uncertainty-Guided_Probabilistic_Transformer_for_Complex_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
V2C: Visual Voice Cloning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_V2C_Visual_Voice_Cloning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
EvUnroll: Neuromorphic Events Based Rolling Shutter Image Correction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhou_EvUnroll_Neuromorphic_Events_Based_Rolling_Shutter_Image_Correction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Gait Recognition in the Wild With Dense 3D Representations and a Benchmark
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zheng_Gait_Recognition_in_the_Wild_With_Dense_3D_Representations_and_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Temporal Context Matters: Enhancing Single Image Prediction With Disease Progression Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Konwer_Temporal_Context_Matters_Enhancing_Single_Image_Prediction_With_Disease_Progression_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning From All Vehicles
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Learning_From_All_Vehicles_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Driving-Oriented Metric for Lane Detection Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sato_Towards_Driving-Oriented_Metric_for_Lane_Detection_Models_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
XYDeblur: Divide and Conquer for Single Image Deblurring
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ji_XYDeblur_Divide_and_Conquer_for_Single_Image_Deblurring_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
STCrowd: A Multimodal Dataset for Pedestrian Perception in Crowded Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cong_STCrowd_A_Multimodal_Dataset_for_Pedestrian_Perception_in_Crowded_Scenes_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deep Decomposition for Stochastic Normal-Abnormal Transport
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Deep_Decomposition_for_Stochastic_Normal-Abnormal_Transport_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multimodal Material Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liang_Multimodal_Material_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DynamicEarthNet: Daily Multi-Spectral Satellite Dataset for Semantic Change Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Toker_DynamicEarthNet_Daily_Multi-Spectral_Satellite_Dataset_for_Semantic_Change_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Quantization-Aware Deep Optics for Diffractive Snapshot Hyperspectral Imaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Quantization-Aware_Deep_Optics_for_Diffractive_Snapshot_Hyperspectral_Imaging_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Improving Video Model Transfer With Dynamic Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Improving_Video_Model_Transfer_With_Dynamic_Representation_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PIE-Net: Photometric Invariant Edge Guided Network for Intrinsic Image Decomposition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Das_PIE-Net_Photometric_Invariant_Edge_Guided_Network_for_Intrinsic_Image_Decomposition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
QS-Attn: Query-Selected Attention for Contrastive Learning in I2I Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hu_QS-Attn_Query-Selected_Attention_for_Contrastive_Learning_in_I2I_Translation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Adaptive Gating for Single-Photon 3D Imaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Po_Adaptive_Gating_for_Single-Photon_3D_Imaging_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
H4D: Human 4D Modeling by Learning Neural Compositional Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jiang_H4D_Human_4D_Modeling_by_Learning_Neural_Compositional_Representation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Cannot See the Forest for the Trees: Aggregating Multiple Viewpoints To Better Classify Objects in Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hwang_Cannot_See_the_Forest_for_the_Trees_Aggregating_Multiple_Viewpoints_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Canonical F-Correlation Projection for Compact Multiview Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yuan_Learning_Canonical_F-Correlation_Projection_for_Compact_Multiview_Representation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DIFNet: Boosting Visual Information Flow for Image Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_DIFNet_Boosting_Visual_Information_Flow_for_Image_Captioning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Tree Energy Loss: Towards Sparsely Annotated Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liang_Tree_Energy_Loss_Towards_Sparsely_Annotated_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Grounding Answers for Visual Questions Asked by Visually Impaired People
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Grounding_Answers_for_Visual_Questions_Asked_by_Visually_Impaired_People_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Automatic Color Image Stitching Using Quaternion Rank-1 Alignment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Automatic_Color_Image_Stitching_Using_Quaternion_Rank-1_Alignment_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
VisualGPT: Data-Efficient Adaptation of Pretrained Language Models for Image Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_VisualGPT_Data-Efficient_Adaptation_of_Pretrained_Language_Models_for_Image_Captioning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
All-Photon Polarimetric Time-of-Flight Imaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Baek_All-Photon_Polarimetric_Time-of-Flight_Imaging_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Implicit Text-Guided 3D Shape Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Towards_Implicit_Text-Guided_3D_Shape_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Versatile Multi-View Framework for LiDAR-Based 3D Object Detection With Guidance From Panoptic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fazlali_A_Versatile_Multi-View_Framework_for_LiDAR-Based_3D_Object_Detection_With_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RFNet: Unsupervised Network for Mutually Reinforcing Multi-Modal Image Registration and Fusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_RFNet_Unsupervised_Network_for_Mutually_Reinforcing_Multi-Modal_Image_Registration_and_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CellTypeGraph: A New Geometric Computer Vision Benchmark
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cerrone_CellTypeGraph_A_New_Geometric_Computer_Vision_Benchmark_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Clustering Plotted Data by Image Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Naous_Clustering_Plotted_Data_by_Image_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Animal Kingdom: A Large and Diverse Dataset for Animal Behavior Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ng_Animal_Kingdom_A_Large_and_Diverse_Dataset_for_Animal_Behavior_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
EI-CLIP: Entity-Aware Interventional Contrastive Learning for E-Commerce Cross-Modal Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ma_EI-CLIP_Entity-Aware_Interventional_Contrastive_Learning_for_E-Commerce_Cross-Modal_Retrieval_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multi-Dimensional, Nuanced and Subjective - Measuring the Perception of Facial Expressions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bryant_Multi-Dimensional_Nuanced_and_Subjective_-_Measuring_the_Perception_of_Facial_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PyMiceTracking: An Open-Source Toolbox for Real-Time Behavioral Neuroscience Experiments
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Menezes_PyMiceTracking_An_Open-Source_Toolbox_for_Real-Time_Behavioral_Neuroscience_Experiments_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Fine-Grained Temporal Contrastive Learning for Weakly-Supervised Temporal Action Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gao_Fine-Grained_Temporal_Contrastive_Learning_for_Weakly-Supervised_Temporal_Action_Localization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
UTC: A Unified Transformer With Inter-Task Contrastive Learning for Visual Dialog
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_UTC_A_Unified_Transformer_With_Inter-Task_Contrastive_Learning_for_Visual_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Mimicking the Oracle: An Initial Phase Decorrelation Approach for Class Incremental Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shi_Mimicking_the_Oracle_An_Initial_Phase_Decorrelation_Approach_for_Class_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RIDDLE: Lidar Data Compression With Range Image Deep Delta Encoding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhou_RIDDLE_Lidar_Data_Compression_With_Range_Image_Deep_Delta_Encoding_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RelTransformer: A Transformer-Based Long-Tail Visual Relationship Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_RelTransformer_A_Transformer-Based_Long-Tail_Visual_Relationship_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RigidFlow: Self-Supervised Scene Flow Learning on Point Clouds by Local Rigidity Prior
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_RigidFlow_Self-Supervised_Scene_Flow_Learning_on_Point_Clouds_by_Local_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Personalized Image Aesthetics Assessment With Rich Attributes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Personalized_Image_Aesthetics_Assessment_With_Rich_Attributes_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HDNet: High-Resolution Dual-Domain Learning for Spectral Compressive Imaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hu_HDNet_High-Resolution_Dual-Domain_Learning_for_Spectral_Compressive_Imaging_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Amodal Panoptic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mohan_Amodal_Panoptic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Gravitationally Lensed Black Hole Emission Tomography
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Levis_Gravitationally_Lensed_Black_Hole_Emission_Tomography_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
3D-Aware Image Synthesis via Learning Structural and Textural Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_3D-Aware_Image_Synthesis_via_Learning_Structural_and_Textural_Representations_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Text-to-Image Synthesis Based on Object-Guided Joint-Decoding Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_Text-to-Image_Synthesis_Based_on_Object-Guided_Joint-Decoding_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Vision-and-Language Pre-Training via Retrieval-Based Multi-Granular Alignment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhou_Unsupervised_Vision-and-Language_Pre-Training_via_Retrieval-Based_Multi-Granular_Alignment_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PONI: Potential Functions for ObjectGoal Navigation With Interaction-Free Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ramakrishnan_PONI_Potential_Functions_for_ObjectGoal_Navigation_With_Interaction-Free_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Exploring Structure-Aware Transformer Over Interaction Proposals for Human-Object Interaction Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Exploring_Structure-Aware_Transformer_Over_Interaction_Proposals_for_Human-Object_Interaction_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Glass: Geometric Latent Augmentation for Shape Spaces
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Muralikrishnan_Glass_Geometric_Latent_Augmentation_for_Shape_Spaces_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Evading the Simplicity Bias: Training a Diverse Set of Models Discovers Solutions With Superior OOD Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Teney_Evading_the_Simplicity_Bias_Training_a_Diverse_Set_of_Models_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Assembly101: A Large-Scale Multi-View Video Dataset for Understanding Procedural Activities
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sener_Assembly101_A_Large-Scale_Multi-View_Video_Dataset_for_Understanding_Procedural_Activities_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DPICT: Deep Progressive Image Compression Using Trit-Planes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lee_DPICT_Deep_Progressive_Image_Compression_Using_Trit-Planes_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Text to Image Generation With Semantic-Spatial Aware GAN
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liao_Text_to_Image_Generation_With_Semantic-Spatial_Aware_GAN_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PixMix: Dreamlike Pictures Comprehensively Improve Safety Measures
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hendrycks_PixMix_Dreamlike_Pictures_Comprehensively_Improve_Safety_Measures_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Generalizable Cross-Modality Medical Image Segmentation via Style Augmentation and Dual Normalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhou_Generalizable_Cross-Modality_Medical_Image_Segmentation_via_Style_Augmentation_and_Dual_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
TimeReplayer: Unlocking the Potential of Event Cameras for Video Interpolation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/He_TimeReplayer_Unlocking_the_Potential_of_Event_Cameras_for_Video_Interpolation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Interactive Segmentation and Visualization for Tiny Objects in Multi-Megapixel Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_Interactive_Segmentation_and_Visualization_for_Tiny_Objects_in_Multi-Megapixel_Images_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Scaling Vision Transformers to Gigapixel Images via Hierarchical Self-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Scaling_Vision_Transformers_to_Gigapixel_Images_via_Hierarchical_Self-Supervised_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural Reflectance for Shape Recovery With Shadow Handling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Neural_Reflectance_for_Shape_Recovery_With_Shadow_Handling_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Surface Representation for Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ran_Surface_Representation_for_Point_Clouds_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DeepLIIF: An Online Platform for Quantification of Clinical Pathology Slides
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ghahremani_DeepLIIF_An_Online_Platform_for_Quantification_of_Clinical_Pathology_Slides_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Joint Video Summarization and Moment Localization by Cross-Task Sample Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jiang_Joint_Video_Summarization_and_Moment_Localization_by_Cross-Task_Sample_Transfer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Optical Flow Estimation for Spiking Camera
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hu_Optical_Flow_Estimation_for_Spiking_Camera_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
InstaFormer: Instance-Aware Image-to-Image Translation With Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_InstaFormer_Instance-Aware_Image-to-Image_Translation_With_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
3D-VField: Adversarial Augmentation of Point Clouds for Domain Generalization in 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lehner_3D-VField_Adversarial_Augmentation_of_Point_Clouds_for_Domain_Generalization_in_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
AutoMine: An Unmanned Mine Dataset
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_AutoMine_An_Unmanned_Mine_Dataset_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural Data-Dependent Transform for Learned Image Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Neural_Data-Dependent_Transform_for_Learned_Image_Compression_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Evaluation-Oriented Knowledge Distillation for Deep Face Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huang_Evaluation-Oriented_Knowledge_Distillation_for_Deep_Face_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Improving Subgraph Recognition With Variational Graph Information Bottleneck
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yu_Improving_Subgraph_Recognition_With_Variational_Graph_Information_Bottleneck_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Synthetic Generation of Face Videos With Plethysmograph Physiology
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Synthetic_Generation_of_Face_Videos_With_Plethysmograph_Physiology_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
TransRAC: Encoding Multi-Scale Temporal Correlation With Transformers for Repetitive Action Counting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hu_TransRAC_Encoding_Multi-Scale_Temporal_Correlation_With_Transformers_for_Repetitive_Action_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
AdaInt: Learning Adaptive Intervals for 3D Lookup Tables on Real-Time Image Enhancement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_AdaInt_Learning_Adaptive_Intervals_for_3D_Lookup_Tables_on_Real-Time_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RegionCLIP: Region-Based Language-Image Pretraining
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhong_RegionCLIP_Region-Based_Language-Image_Pretraining_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Video Frame Interpolation Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shi_Video_Frame_Interpolation_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
An Empirical Study of End-to-End Temporal Action Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_An_Empirical_Study_of_End-to-End_Temporal_Action_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Brain-Supervised Image Editing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Davis_Brain-Supervised_Image_Editing_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
3D Shape Variational Autoencoder Latent Disentanglement via Mini-Batch Feature Swapping for Bodies and Faces
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Foti_3D_Shape_Variational_Autoencoder_Latent_Disentanglement_via_Mini-Batch_Feature_Swapping_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RestoreFormer: High-Quality Blind Face Restoration From Undegraded Key-Value Pairs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_RestoreFormer_High-Quality_Blind_Face_Restoration_From_Undegraded_Key-Value_Pairs_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Mask-Guided Spectral-Wise Transformer for Efficient Hyperspectral Image Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cai_Mask-Guided_Spectral-Wise_Transformer_for_Efficient_Hyperspectral_Image_Reconstruction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PPDL: Predicate Probability Distribution Based Loss for Unbiased Scene Graph Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_PPDL_Predicate_Probability_Distribution_Based_Loss_for_Unbiased_Scene_Graph_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Coupling Vision and Proprioception for Navigation of Legged Robots
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fu_Coupling_Vision_and_Proprioception_for_Navigation_of_Legged_Robots_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Fine-Grained Predicates Learning for Scene Graph Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lyu_Fine-Grained_Predicates_Learning_for_Scene_Graph_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural Head Avatars From Monocular RGB Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Grassal_Neural_Head_Avatars_From_Monocular_RGB_Videos_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
EMOCA: Emotion Driven Monocular Face Capture and Animation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Danecek_EMOCA_Emotion_Driven_Monocular_Face_Capture_and_Animation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Diverse and Natural Scene-Aware 3D Human Motion Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Towards_Diverse_and_Natural_Scene-Aware_3D_Human_Motion_Synthesis_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
How Much Does Input Data Type Impact Final Face Model Accuracy?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Luo_How_Much_Does_Input_Data_Type_Impact_Final_Face_Model_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HumanNeRF: Free-Viewpoint Rendering of Moving People From Monocular Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Weng_HumanNeRF_Free-Viewpoint_Rendering_of_Moving_People_From_Monocular_Video_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Which Images To Label for Few-Shot Medical Landmark Detection?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Quan_Which_Images_To_Label_for_Few-Shot_Medical_Landmark_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
UBoCo: Unsupervised Boundary Contrastive Learning for Generic Event Boundary Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kang_UBoCo_Unsupervised_Boundary_Contrastive_Learning_for_Generic_Event_Boundary_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Both Style and Fog Matter: Cumulative Domain Adaptation for Semantic Foggy Scene Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ma_Both_Style_and_Fog_Matter_Cumulative_Domain_Adaptation_for_Semantic_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Ev-TTA: Test-Time Adaptation for Event-Based Object Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_Ev-TTA_Test-Time_Adaptation_for_Event-Based_Object_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
NODEO: A Neural Ordinary Differential Equation Based Optimization Framework for Deformable Image Registration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_NODEO_A_Neural_Ordinary_Differential_Equation_Based_Optimization_Framework_for_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Pyramid Architecture for Multi-Scale Processing in Point Cloud Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Nie_Pyramid_Architecture_for_Multi-Scale_Processing_in_Point_Cloud_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Cross-Architecture Self-Supervised Video Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guo_Cross-Architecture_Self-Supervised_Video_Representation_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
High-Resolution Image Harmonization via Collaborative Dual Transformations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cong_High-Resolution_Image_Harmonization_via_Collaborative_Dual_Transformations_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MM-TTA: Multi-Modal Test-Time Adaptation for 3D Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shin_MM-TTA_Multi-Modal_Test-Time_Adaptation_for_3D_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Bidirectional Arbitrary Image Rescaling: Joint Optimization and Cycle Idempotence
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Pan_Towards_Bidirectional_Arbitrary_Image_Rescaling_Joint_Optimization_and_Cycle_Idempotence_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Topology Preserving Local Road Network Estimation From Single Onboard Camera Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Can_Topology_Preserving_Local_Road_Network_Estimation_From_Single_Onboard_Camera_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Eigenlanes: Data-Driven Lane Descriptors for Structurally Diverse Lanes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jin_Eigenlanes_Data-Driven_Lane_Descriptors_for_Structurally_Diverse_Lanes_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SpaceEdit: Learning a Unified Editing Space for Open-Domain Image Color Editing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shi_SpaceEdit_Learning_a_Unified_Editing_Space_for_Open-Domain_Image_Color_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multi-Level Feature Learning for Contrastive Multi-View Clustering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_Multi-Level_Feature_Learning_for_Contrastive_Multi-View_Clustering_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Egocentric Prediction of Action Target in 3D
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Egocentric_Prediction_of_Action_Target_in_3D_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Real-World Navigation With Deep Differentiable Planners
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ishida_Towards_Real-World_Navigation_With_Deep_Differentiable_Planners_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Video K-Net: A Simple, Strong, and Unified Baseline for Video Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Video_K-Net_A_Simple_Strong_and_Unified_Baseline_for_Video_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
NeRFReN: Neural Radiance Fields With Reflections
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guo_NeRFReN_Neural_Radiance_Fields_With_Reflections_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SCS-Co: Self-Consistent Style Contrastive Learning for Image Harmonization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hang_SCS-Co_Self-Consistent_Style_Contrastive_Learning_for_Image_Harmonization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural Convolutional Surfaces
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Morreale_Neural_Convolutional_Surfaces_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HyperSegNAS: Bridging One-Shot Neural Architecture Search With 3D Medical Image Segmentation Using HyperNet
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Peng_HyperSegNAS_Bridging_One-Shot_Neural_Architecture_Search_With_3D_Medical_Image_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Comprehensive Study of Image Classification Model Sensitivity to Foregrounds, Backgrounds, and Visual Attributes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Moayeri_A_Comprehensive_Study_of_Image_Classification_Model_Sensitivity_to_Foregrounds_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ConDor: Self-Supervised Canonicalization of 3D Pose for Partial Shapes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sajnani_ConDor_Self-Supervised_Canonicalization_of_3D_Pose_for_Partial_Shapes_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Exploring Endogenous Shift for Cross-Domain Detection: A Large-Scale Benchmark and Perturbation Suppression Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tao_Exploring_Endogenous_Shift_for_Cross-Domain_Detection_A_Large-Scale_Benchmark_and_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
VisCUIT: Visual Auditor for Bias in CNN Image Classifier
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lee_VisCUIT_Visual_Auditor_for_Bias_in_CNN_Image_Classifier_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DirecFormer: A Directed Attention in Transformer Approach to Robust Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Truong_DirecFormer_A_Directed_Attention_in_Transformer_Approach_to_Robust_Action_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Robust Egocentric Photo-Realistic Facial Expression Transfer for Virtual Reality
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jourabloo_Robust_Egocentric_Photo-Realistic_Facial_Expression_Transfer_for_Virtual_Reality_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Distillation Using Oracle Queries for Transformer-Based Human-Object Interaction Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Qu_Distillation_Using_Oracle_Queries_for_Transformer-Based_Human-Object_Interaction_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Video Representations of Human Motion From Synthetic Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guo_Learning_Video_Representations_of_Human_Motion_From_Synthetic_Data_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
BoostMIS: Boosting Medical Image Semi-Supervised Learning With Adaptive Pseudo Labeling and Informative Active Annotation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_BoostMIS_Boosting_Medical_Image_Semi-Supervised_Learning_With_Adaptive_Pseudo_Labeling_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HOI4D: A 4D Egocentric Dataset for Category-Level Human-Object Interaction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_HOI4D_A_4D_Egocentric_Dataset_for_Category-Level_Human-Object_Interaction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Collaborative Transformers for Grounded Situation Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cho_Collaborative_Transformers_for_Grounded_Situation_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Vox2Cortex: Fast Explicit Reconstruction of Cortical Surfaces From 3D MRI Scans With Geometric Deep Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bongratz_Vox2Cortex_Fast_Explicit_Reconstruction_of_Cortical_Surfaces_From_3D_MRI_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ScanQA: 3D Question Answering for Spatial Scene Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Azuma_ScanQA_3D_Question_Answering_for_Spatial_Scene_Understanding_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Class-Incremental Learning by Knowledge Distillation With Adaptive Feature Consolidation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kang_Class-Incremental_Learning_by_Knowledge_Distillation_With_Adaptive_Feature_Consolidation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Program Representations for Food Images and Cooking Recipes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Papadopoulos_Learning_Program_Representations_for_Food_Images_and_Cooking_Recipes_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Directional Self-Supervised Learning for Heavy Image Augmentations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bai_Directional_Self-Supervised_Learning_for_Heavy_Image_Augmentations_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
No-Reference Point Cloud Quality Assessment via Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_No-Reference_Point_Cloud_Quality_Assessment_via_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Comprehending and Ordering Semantics for Image Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Comprehending_and_Ordering_Semantics_for_Image_Captioning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Large-Scale Comprehensive Dataset and Copy-Overlap Aware Evaluation Protocol for Segment-Level Video Copy Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/He_A_Large-Scale_Comprehensive_Dataset_and_Copy-Overlap_Aware_Evaluation_Protocol_for_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GaTector: A Unified Framework for Gaze Object Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_GaTector_A_Unified_Framework_for_Gaze_Object_Prediction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
LaTr: Layout-Aware Transformer for Scene-Text VQA
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Biten_LaTr_Layout-Aware_Transformer_for_Scene-Text_VQA_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HeadNeRF: A Real-Time NeRF-Based Parametric Head Model
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hong_HeadNeRF_A_Real-Time_NeRF-Based_Parametric_Head_Model_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Replacing Labeled Real-Image Datasets With Auto-Generated Contours
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kataoka_Replacing_Labeled_Real-Image_Datasets_With_Auto-Generated_Contours_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
WebQA: Multihop and Multimodal QA
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chang_WebQA_Multihop_and_Multimodal_QA_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Language-Free Training for Text-to-Image Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhou_Towards_Language-Free_Training_for_Text-to-Image_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Affinity From Attention: End-to-End Weakly-Supervised Semantic Segmentation With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ru_Learning_Affinity_From_Attention_End-to-End_Weakly-Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_With_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
FERV39k: A Large-Scale Multi-Scene Dataset for Facial Expression Recognition in Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_FERV39k_A_Large-Scale_Multi-Scene_Dataset_for_Facial_Expression_Recognition_in_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Omnivore: A Single Model for Many Visual Modalities
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Girdhar_Omnivore_A_Single_Model_for_Many_Visual_Modalities_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DAIR-V2X: A Large-Scale Dataset for Vehicle-Infrastructure Cooperative 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yu_DAIR-V2X_A_Large-Scale_Dataset_for_Vehicle-Infrastructure_Cooperative_3D_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Uncertainty-Aware Adaptation for Self-Supervised 3D Human Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kundu_Uncertainty-Aware_Adaptation_for_Self-Supervised_3D_Human_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised Wide-Angle Portraits Correction by Multi-Scale Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhu_Semi-Supervised_Wide-Angle_Portraits_Correction_by_Multi-Scale_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Is Mapping Necessary for Realistic PointGoal Navigation?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Partsey_Is_Mapping_Necessary_for_Realistic_PointGoal_Navigation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Node-Aligned Graph Convolutional Network for Whole-Slide Image Representation and Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guan_Node-Aligned_Graph_Convolutional_Network_for_Whole-Slide_Image_Representation_and_Classification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Object-Relation Reasoning Graph for Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ou_Object-Relation_Reasoning_Graph_for_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
FaceVerse: A Fine-Grained and Detail-Controllable 3D Face Morphable Model From a Hybrid Dataset
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_FaceVerse_A_Fine-Grained_and_Detail-Controllable_3D_Face_Morphable_Model_From_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Bring Evanescent Representations to Life in Lifelong Class Incremental Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Toldo_Bring_Evanescent_Representations_to_Life_in_Lifelong_Class_Incremental_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Look Back and Forth: Video Super-Resolution With Explicit Temporal Difference Modeling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Isobe_Look_Back_and_Forth_Video_Super-Resolution_With_Explicit_Temporal_Difference_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Stitch in Time Saves Nine: A Train-Time Regularizing Loss for Improved Neural Network Calibration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hebbalaguppe_A_Stitch_in_Time_Saves_Nine_A_Train-Time_Regularizing_Loss_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deep Image-Based Illumination Harmonization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bao_Deep_Image-Based_Illumination_Harmonization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Harmony: A Generic Unsupervised Approach for Disentangling Semantic Content From Parameterized Transformations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Uddin_Harmony_A_Generic_Unsupervised_Approach_for_Disentangling_Semantic_Content_From_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Talking Face Generation With Multilingual TTS
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Song_Talking_Face_Generation_With_Multilingual_TTS_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Kernelized Few-Shot Object Detection With Efficient Integral Aggregation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Kernelized_Few-Shot_Object_Detection_With_Efficient_Integral_Aggregation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Context-Aware Video Reconstruction for Rolling Shutter Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fan_Context-Aware_Video_Reconstruction_for_Rolling_Shutter_Cameras_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Robust Contrastive Learning Against Noisy Views
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chuang_Robust_Contrastive_Learning_Against_Noisy_Views_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RSTT: Real-Time Spatial Temporal Transformer for Space-Time Video Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Geng_RSTT_Real-Time_Spatial_Temporal_Transformer_for_Space-Time_Video_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Memory-Augmented Unidirectional Metrics for Cross-Modality Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Learning_Memory-Augmented_Unidirectional_Metrics_for_Cross-Modality_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Partial Class Activation Attention for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Partial_Class_Activation_Attention_for_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SkinningNet: Two-Stream Graph Convolutional Neural Network for Skinning Prediction of Synthetic Characters
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mosella-Montoro_SkinningNet_Two-Stream_Graph_Convolutional_Neural_Network_for_Skinning_Prediction_of_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Cross-Modal Representation Learning for Zero-Shot Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lin_Cross-Modal_Representation_Learning_for_Zero-Shot_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Conditional Prompt Learning for Vision-Language Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhou_Conditional_Prompt_Learning_for_Vision-Language_Models_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Affine Medical Image Registration With Coarse-To-Fine Vision Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mok_Affine_Medical_Image_Registration_With_Coarse-To-Fine_Vision_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SMPL-A: Modeling Person-Specific Deformable Anatomy
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guo_SMPL-A_Modeling_Person-Specific_Deformable_Anatomy_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Differentiable Two-Stage Alignment Scheme for Burst Image Reconstruction With Large Shift
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Guo_A_Differentiable_Two-Stage_Alignment_Scheme_for_Burst_Image_Reconstruction_With_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Unifying Panoptic Segmentation for Autonomous Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zendel_Unifying_Panoptic_Segmentation_for_Autonomous_Driving_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
On the Road to Online Adaptation for Semantic Image Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Volpi_On_the_Road_to_Online_Adaptation_for_Semantic_Image_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Masked Autoencoders Are Scalable Vision Learners
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/He_Masked_Autoencoders_Are_Scalable_Vision_Learners_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Point-BERT: Pre-Training 3D Point Cloud Transformers With Masked Point Modeling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yu_Point-BERT_Pre-Training_3D_Point_Cloud_Transformers_With_Masked_Point_Modeling_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Crowd Counting in the Frequency Domain
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shu_Crowd_Counting_in_the_Frequency_Domain_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Aladdin: Joint Atlas Building and Diffeomorphic Registration Learning With Pairwise Alignment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ding_Aladdin_Joint_Atlas_Building_and_Diffeomorphic_Registration_Learning_With_Pairwise_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning sRGB-to-Raw-RGB De-Rendering With Content-Aware Metadata
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Nam_Learning_sRGB-to-Raw-RGB_De-Rendering_With_Content-Aware_Metadata_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Point Cloud Color Constancy
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xing_Point_Cloud_Color_Constancy_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards an End-to-End Framework for Flow-Guided Video Inpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Towards_an_End-to-End_Framework_for_Flow-Guided_Video_Inpainting_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CrossLoc: Scalable Aerial Localization Assisted by Multimodal Synthetic Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yan_CrossLoc_Scalable_Aerial_Localization_Assisted_by_Multimodal_Synthetic_Data_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
On Learning Contrastive Representations for Learning With Noisy Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yi_On_Learning_Contrastive_Representations_for_Learning_With_Noisy_Labels_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Modeling Indirect Illumination for Inverse Rendering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Modeling_Indirect_Illumination_for_Inverse_Rendering_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
BACON: Band-Limited Coordinate Networks for Multiscale Scene Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lindell_BACON_Band-Limited_Coordinate_Networks_for_Multiscale_Scene_Representation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Modeling sRGB Camera Noise With Normalizing Flows
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kousha_Modeling_sRGB_Camera_Noise_With_Normalizing_Flows_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Reference-Based Video Super-Resolution Using Multi-Camera Video Triplets
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lee_Reference-Based_Video_Super-Resolution_Using_Multi-Camera_Video_Triplets_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Image Representation Learning With Geometric Set Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Self-Supervised_Image_Representation_Learning_With_Geometric_Set_Consistency_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GEN-VLKT: Simplify Association and Enhance Interaction Understanding for HOI Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liao_GEN-VLKT_Simplify_Association_and_Enhance_Interaction_Understanding_for_HOI_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Global Matching With Overlapping Attention for Optical Flow Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhao_Global_Matching_With_Overlapping_Attention_for_Optical_Flow_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Rethinking Efficient Lane Detection via Curve Modeling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Feng_Rethinking_Efficient_Lane_Detection_via_Curve_Modeling_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Co-Advise: Cross Inductive Bias Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ren_Co-Advise_Cross_Inductive_Bias_Distillation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DTFD-MIL: Double-Tier Feature Distillation Multiple Instance Learning for Histopathology Whole Slide Image Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_DTFD-MIL_Double-Tier_Feature_Distillation_Multiple_Instance_Learning_for_Histopathology_Whole_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deep Generalized Unfolding Networks for Image Restoration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mou_Deep_Generalized_Unfolding_Networks_for_Image_Restoration_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Robust Cross-Modal Representation Learning With Progressive Self-Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Andonian_Robust_Cross-Modal_Representation_Learning_With_Progressive_Self-Distillation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Compressive Single-Photon 3D Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gutierrez-Barragan_Compressive_Single-Photon_3D_Cameras_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Rethinking Controllable Variational Autoencoders
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shao_Rethinking_Controllable_Variational_Autoencoders_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Boosting Crowd Counting via Multifaceted Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lin_Boosting_Crowd_Counting_via_Multifaceted_Attention_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
BigDL 2.0: Seamless Scaling of AI Pipelines From Laptops to Distributed Cluster
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dai_BigDL_2.0_Seamless_Scaling_of_AI_Pipelines_From_Laptops_to_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Acquiring a Dynamic Light Field Through a Single-Shot Coded Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mizuno_Acquiring_a_Dynamic_Light_Field_Through_a_Single-Shot_Coded_Image_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Attentive Fine-Grained Structured Sparsity for Image Restoration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Oh_Attentive_Fine-Grained_Structured_Sparsity_for_Image_Restoration_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
StylizedNeRF: Consistent 3D Scene Stylization As Stylized NeRF via 2D-3D Mutual Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huang_StylizedNeRF_Consistent_3D_Scene_Stylization_As_Stylized_NeRF_via_2D-3D_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
NightLab: A Dual-Level Architecture With Hardness Detection for Segmentation at Night
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Deng_NightLab_A_Dual-Level_Architecture_With_Hardness_Detection_for_Segmentation_at_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
InfoGCN: Representation Learning for Human Skeleton-Based Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chi_InfoGCN_Representation_Learning_for_Human_Skeleton-Based_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Sparse to Dense Dynamic 3D Facial Expression Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Otberdout_Sparse_to_Dense_Dynamic_3D_Facial_Expression_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Crafting Better Contrastive Views for Siamese Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Peng_Crafting_Better_Contrastive_Views_for_Siamese_Representation_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Continual Learning for Visual Search With Backward Consistent Feature Embedding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wan_Continual_Learning_for_Visual_Search_With_Backward_Consistent_Feature_Embedding_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
EyePAD++: A Distillation-Based Approach for Joint Eye Authentication and Presentation Attack Detection Using Periocular Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dhar_EyePAD_A_Distillation-Based_Approach_for_Joint_Eye_Authentication_and_Presentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Efficient Two-Stage Detection of Human-Object Interactions With a Novel Unary-Pairwise Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Efficient_Two-Stage_Detection_of_Human-Object_Interactions_With_a_Novel_Unary-Pairwise_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Low-Cost &amp; Real-Time Motion Capture System
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chatzitofis_A_Low-Cost__Real-Time_Motion_Capture_System_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Unified Contrastive Learning in Image-Text-Label Space
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Unified_Contrastive_Learning_in_Image-Text-Label_Space_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Unifying Motion Deblurring and Frame Interpolation With Events
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Unifying_Motion_Deblurring_and_Frame_Interpolation_With_Events_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Fast Point Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Park_Fast_Point_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Unimodal-Concentrated Loss: Fully Adaptive Label Distribution Learning for Ordinal Regression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Unimodal-Concentrated_Loss_Fully_Adaptive_Label_Distribution_Learning_for_Ordinal_Regression_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deep Stereo Image Compression via Bi-Directional Coding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lei_Deep_Stereo_Image_Compression_via_Bi-Directional_Coding_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
How Good Is Aesthetic Ability of a Fashion Model?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zou_How_Good_Is_Aesthetic_Ability_of_a_Fashion_Model_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Mining Multi-View Information: A Strong Self-Supervised Framework for Depth-Based 3D Hand Pose and Mesh Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ren_Mining_Multi-View_Information_A_Strong_Self-Supervised_Framework_for_Depth-Based_3D_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
BTS: A Bi-Lingual Benchmark for Text Segmentation in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_BTS_A_Bi-Lingual_Benchmark_for_Text_Segmentation_in_the_Wild_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Hierarchical Modular Network for Video Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ye_Hierarchical_Modular_Network_for_Video_Captioning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Alignment-Uniformity Aware Representation Learning for Zero-Shot Video Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Pu_Alignment-Uniformity_Aware_Representation_Learning_for_Zero-Shot_Video_Classification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
LiDARCap: Long-Range Marker-Less 3D Human Motion Capture With LiDAR Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_LiDARCap_Long-Range_Marker-Less_3D_Human_Motion_Capture_With_LiDAR_Point_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GeoEngine: A Platform for Production-Ready Geospatial Research
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Verma_GeoEngine_A_Platform_for_Production-Ready_Geospatial_Research_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GroupViT: Semantic Segmentation Emerges From Text Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_GroupViT_Semantic_Segmentation_Emerges_From_Text_Supervision_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Occlusion-Aware Cost Constructor for Light Field Depth Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Occlusion-Aware_Cost_Constructor_for_Light_Field_Depth_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SmartPortraits: Depth Powered Handheld Smartphone Dataset of Human Portraits for State Estimation, Reconstruction and Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kornilova_SmartPortraits_Depth_Powered_Handheld_Smartphone_Dataset_of_Human_Portraits_for_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Stacked Hybrid-Attention and Group Collaborative Learning for Unbiased Scene Graph Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dong_Stacked_Hybrid-Attention_and_Group_Collaborative_Learning_for_Unbiased_Scene_Graph_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Topology-Preserving Shape Reconstruction and Registration via Neural Diffeomorphic Flow
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sun_Topology-Preserving_Shape_Reconstruction_and_Registration_via_Neural_Diffeomorphic_Flow_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Part Segmentation Through Unsupervised Domain Adaptation From Synthetic Vehicles
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Learning_Part_Segmentation_Through_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_From_Synthetic_Vehicles_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Object Context for Novel-View Scene Layout Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Qiao_Learning_Object_Context_for_Novel-View_Scene_Layout_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural Fields As Learnable Kernels for 3D Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Williams_Neural_Fields_As_Learnable_Kernels_for_3D_Reconstruction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Detector-Free Weakly Supervised Group Activity Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_Detector-Free_Weakly_Supervised_Group_Activity_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HairCLIP: Design Your Hair by Text and Reference Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wei_HairCLIP_Design_Your_Hair_by_Text_and_Reference_Image_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
OakInk: A Large-Scale Knowledge Repository for Understanding Hand-Object Interaction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_OakInk_A_Large-Scale_Knowledge_Repository_for_Understanding_Hand-Object_Interaction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SwinBERT: End-to-End Transformers With Sparse Attention for Video Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lin_SwinBERT_End-to-End_Transformers_With_Sparse_Attention_for_Video_Captioning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Maximum Spatial Perturbation Consistency for Unpaired Image-to-Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_Maximum_Spatial_Perturbation_Consistency_for_Unpaired_Image-to-Image_Translation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Bringing Old Films Back to Life
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wan_Bringing_Old_Films_Back_to_Life_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
E2(GO)MOTION: Motion Augmented Event Stream for Egocentric Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Plizzari_E2GOMOTION_Motion_Augmented_Event_Stream_for_Egocentric_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
An Empirical Study of Training End-to-End Vision-and-Language Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dou_An_Empirical_Study_of_Training_End-to-End_Vision-and-Language_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multimodal Dynamics: Dynamical Fusion for Trustworthy Multimodal Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Han_Multimodal_Dynamics_Dynamical_Fusion_for_Trustworthy_Multimodal_Classification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Homography Estimation With Coplanarity-Aware GAN
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hong_Unsupervised_Homography_Estimation_With_Coplanarity-Aware_GAN_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
LIFT: Learning 4D LiDAR Image Fusion Transformer for 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zeng_LIFT_Learning_4D_LiDAR_Image_Fusion_Transformer_for_3D_Object_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PatchNet: A Simple Face Anti-Spoofing Framework via Fine-Grained Patch Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_PatchNet_A_Simple_Face_Anti-Spoofing_Framework_via_Fine-Grained_Patch_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Rethinking Minimal Sufficient Representation in Contrastive Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Rethinking_Minimal_Sufficient_Representation_in_Contrastive_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Effective Conditioned and Composed Image Retrieval Combining CLIP-Based Features
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Baldrati_Effective_Conditioned_and_Composed_Image_Retrieval_Combining_CLIP-Based_Features_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Practical Stereo Matching via Cascaded Recurrent Network With Adaptive Correlation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Practical_Stereo_Matching_via_Cascaded_Recurrent_Network_With_Adaptive_Correlation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
D-Grasp: Physically Plausible Dynamic Grasp Synthesis for Hand-Object Interactions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Christen_D-Grasp_Physically_Plausible_Dynamic_Grasp_Synthesis_for_Hand-Object_Interactions_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Show, Deconfound and Tell: Image Captioning With Causal Inference
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Show_Deconfound_and_Tell_Image_Captioning_With_Causal_Inference_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ImFace: A Nonlinear 3D Morphable Face Model With Implicit Neural Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zheng_ImFace_A_Nonlinear_3D_Morphable_Face_Model_With_Implicit_Neural_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MobRecon: Mobile-Friendly Hand Mesh Reconstruction From Monocular Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_MobRecon_Mobile-Friendly_Hand_Mesh_Reconstruction_From_Monocular_Image_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
AlignMixup: Improving Representations by Interpolating Aligned Features
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Venkataramanan_AlignMixup_Improving_Representations_by_Interpolating_Aligned_Features_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HerosNet: Hyperspectral Explicable Reconstruction and Optimal Sampling Deep Network for Snapshot Compressive Imaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_HerosNet_Hyperspectral_Explicable_Reconstruction_and_Optimal_Sampling_Deep_Network_for_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Detecting Deepfakes With Self-Blended Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shiohara_Detecting_Deepfakes_With_Self-Blended_Images_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learnable Irrelevant Modality Dropout for Multimodal Action Recognition on Modality-Specific Annotated Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Alfasly_Learnable_Irrelevant_Modality_Dropout_for_Multimodal_Action_Recognition_on_Modality-Specific_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Bi-Level Doubly Variational Learning for Energy-Based Latent Variable Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kan_Bi-Level_Doubly_Variational_Learning_for_Energy-Based_Latent_Variable_Models_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
AxIoU: An Axiomatically Justified Measure for Video Moment Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Togashi_AxIoU_An_Axiomatically_Justified_Measure_for_Video_Moment_Retrieval_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
NOC-REK: Novel Object Captioning With Retrieved Vocabulary From External Knowledge
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Vo_NOC-REK_Novel_Object_Captioning_With_Retrieved_Vocabulary_From_External_Knowledge_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Speech Driven Tongue Animation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Medina_Speech_Driven_Tongue_Animation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Hybrid Relation Guided Set Matching for Few-Shot Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Hybrid_Relation_Guided_Set_Matching_for_Few-Shot_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SHIFT: A Synthetic Driving Dataset for Continuous Multi-Task Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sun_SHIFT_A_Synthetic_Driving_Dataset_for_Continuous_Multi-Task_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
FlexIT: Towards Flexible Semantic Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Couairon_FlexIT_Towards_Flexible_Semantic_Image_Translation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Face2Exp: Combating Data Biases for Facial Expression Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zeng_Face2Exp_Combating_Data_Biases_for_Facial_Expression_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PINA: Learning a Personalized Implicit Neural Avatar From a Single RGB-D Video Sequence
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dong_PINA_Learning_a_Personalized_Implicit_Neural_Avatar_From_a_Single_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Forecasting From LiDAR via Future Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Peri_Forecasting_From_LiDAR_via_Future_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CRAFT: Cross-Attentional Flow Transformer for Robust Optical Flow
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sui_CRAFT_Cross-Attentional_Flow_Transformer_for_Robust_Optical_Flow_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Privacy Preserving Partial Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Geppert_Privacy_Preserving_Partial_Localization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Cross-Modal Background Suppression for Audio-Visual Event Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xia_Cross-Modal_Background_Suppression_for_Audio-Visual_Event_Localization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Lagrange Motion Analysis and View Embeddings for Improved Gait Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chai_Lagrange_Motion_Analysis_and_View_Embeddings_for_Improved_Gait_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural Mesh Simplification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Potamias_Neural_Mesh_Simplification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deep Hyperspectral-Depth Reconstruction Using Single Color-Dot Projection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Deep_Hyperspectral-Depth_Reconstruction_Using_Single_Color-Dot_Projection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
M3T: Three-Dimensional Medical Image Classifier Using Multi-Plane and Multi-Slice Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jang_M3T_Three-Dimensional_Medical_Image_Classifier_Using_Multi-Plane_and_Multi-Slice_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
3MASSIV: Multilingual, Multimodal and Multi-Aspect Dataset of Social Media Short Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gupta_3MASSIV_Multilingual_Multimodal_and_Multi-Aspect_Dataset_of_Social_Media_Short_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Structured Sparse R-CNN for Direct Scene Graph Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Teng_Structured_Sparse_R-CNN_for_Direct_Scene_Graph_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multi-Grained Spatio-Temporal Features Perceived Network for Event-Based Lip-Reading
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tan_Multi-Grained_Spatio-Temporal_Features_Perceived_Network_for_Event-Based_Lip-Reading_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
AnyFace: Free-Style Text-To-Face Synthesis and Manipulation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sun_AnyFace_Free-Style_Text-To-Face_Synthesis_and_Manipulation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HL-Net: Heterophily Learning Network for Scene Graph Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lin_HL-Net_Heterophily_Learning_Network_for_Scene_Graph_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MERLOT Reserve: Neural Script Knowledge Through Vision and Language and Sound
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zellers_MERLOT_Reserve_Neural_Script_Knowledge_Through_Vision_and_Language_and_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Conservative Approach for Unbiased Learning on Unknown Biases
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jeon_A_Conservative_Approach_for_Unbiased_Learning_on_Unknown_Biases_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Large-Scale Video Panoptic Segmentation in the Wild: A Benchmark
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Miao_Large-Scale_Video_Panoptic_Segmentation_in_the_Wild_A_Benchmark_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GrainSpace: A Large-Scale Dataset for Fine-Grained and Domain-Adaptive Recognition of Cereal Grains
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fan_GrainSpace_A_Large-Scale_Dataset_for_Fine-Grained_and_Domain-Adaptive_Recognition_of_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
BokehMe: When Neural Rendering Meets Classical Rendering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Peng_BokehMe_When_Neural_Rendering_Meets_Classical_Rendering_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Modal-Invariant and Temporal-Memory for Video-Based Visible-Infrared Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lin_Learning_Modal-Invariant_and_Temporal-Memory_for_Video-Based_Visible-Infrared_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
BigDatasetGAN: Synthesizing ImageNet With Pixel-Wise Annotations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_BigDatasetGAN_Synthesizing_ImageNet_With_Pixel-Wise_Annotations_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Align Representations With Base: A New Approach to Self-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Align_Representations_With_Base_A_New_Approach_to_Self-Supervised_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Exploring Denoised Cross-Video Contrast for Weakly-Supervised Temporal Action Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Exploring_Denoised_Cross-Video_Contrast_for_Weakly-Supervised_Temporal_Action_Localization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SVIP: Sequence VerIfication for Procedures in Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Qian_SVIP_Sequence_VerIfication_for_Procedures_in_Videos_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Low-Resource Adaptation for Personalized Co-Speech Gesture Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ahuja_Low-Resource_Adaptation_for_Personalized_Co-Speech_Gesture_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HDR-NeRF: High Dynamic Range Neural Radiance Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Huang_HDR-NeRF_High_Dynamic_Range_Neural_Radiance_Fields_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural Emotion Director: Speech-Preserving Semantic Control of Facial Expressions in &quot;In-the-Wild&quot; Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Papantoniou_Neural_Emotion_Director_Speech-Preserving_Semantic_Control_of_Facial_Expressions_in_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning To Listen: Modeling Non-Deterministic Dyadic Facial Motion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ng_Learning_To_Listen_Modeling_Non-Deterministic_Dyadic_Facial_Motion_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
3PSDF: Three-Pole Signed Distance Function for Learning Surfaces With Arbitrary Topologies
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_3PSDF_Three-Pole_Signed_Distance_Function_for_Learning_Surfaces_With_Arbitrary_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GIRAFFE HD: A High-Resolution 3D-Aware Generative Model
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xue_GIRAFFE_HD_A_High-Resolution_3D-Aware_Generative_Model_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Knowledge-Driven Self-Supervised Representation Learning for Facial Action Unit Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chang_Knowledge-Driven_Self-Supervised_Representation_Learning_for_Facial_Action_Unit_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Second Order Local Anomaly for General Face Forgery Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fei_Learning_Second_Order_Local_Anomaly_for_General_Face_Forgery_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ADAS: A Direct Adaptation Strategy for Multi-Target Domain Adaptive Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lee_ADAS_A_Direct_Adaptation_Strategy_for_Multi-Target_Domain_Adaptive_Semantic_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
The Devil Is in the Labels: Noisy Label Correction for Robust Scene Graph Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_The_Devil_Is_in_the_Labels_Noisy_Label_Correction_for_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
LAVT: Language-Aware Vision Transformer for Referring Image Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_LAVT_Language-Aware_Vision_Transformer_for_Referring_Image_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Video Demoireing With Relation-Based Temporal Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dai_Video_Demoireing_With_Relation-Based_Temporal_Consistency_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
GraFormer: Graph-Oriented Transformer for 3D Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhao_GraFormer_Graph-Oriented_Transformer_for_3D_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DeepCurrents: Learning Implicit Representations of Shapes With Boundaries
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Palmer_DeepCurrents_Learning_Implicit_Representations_of_Shapes_With_Boundaries_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Zero Experience Required: Plug &amp; Play Modular Transfer Learning for Semantic Visual Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Al-Halah_Zero_Experience_Required_Plug__Play_Modular_Transfer_Learning_for_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
The Wanderings of Odysseus in 3D Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_The_Wanderings_of_Odysseus_in_3D_Scenes_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
All-in-One Image Restoration for Unknown Corruption
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_All-in-One_Image_Restoration_for_Unknown_Corruption_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Optimizing Video Prediction via Video Frame Interpolation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_Optimizing_Video_Prediction_via_Video_Frame_Interpolation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Episodic Memory Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Datta_Episodic_Memory_Question_Answering_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Continual Stereo Matching of Continuous Driving Scenes With Growing Architecture
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Continual_Stereo_Matching_of_Continuous_Driving_Scenes_With_Growing_Architecture_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning To Zoom Inside Camera Imaging Pipeline
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tang_Learning_To_Zoom_Inside_Camera_Imaging_Pipeline_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
gDNA: Towards Generative Detailed Neural Avatars
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_gDNA_Towards_Generative_Detailed_Neural_Avatars_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Degree-of-Linear-Polarization-Based Color Constancy
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ono_Degree-of-Linear-Polarization-Based_Color_Constancy_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
On the Importance of Asymmetry for Siamese Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_On_the_Importance_of_Asymmetry_for_Siamese_Representation_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Probing Representation Forgetting in Supervised and Unsupervised Continual Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Davari_Probing_Representation_Forgetting_in_Supervised_and_Unsupervised_Continual_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DenseCLIP: Language-Guided Dense Prediction With Context-Aware Prompting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Rao_DenseCLIP_Language-Guided_Dense_Prediction_With_Context-Aware_Prompting_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
JRDB-Act: A Large-Scale Dataset for Spatio-Temporal Action, Social Group and Activity Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ehsanpour_JRDB-Act_A_Large-Scale_Dataset_for_Spatio-Temporal_Action_Social_Group_and_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
AR-NeRF: Unsupervised Learning of Depth and Defocus Effects From Natural Images With Aperture Rendering Neural Radiance Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kaneko_AR-NeRF_Unsupervised_Learning_of_Depth_and_Defocus_Effects_From_Natural_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Decoupling and Recoupling Spatiotemporal Representation for RGB-D-Based Motion Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhou_Decoupling_and_Recoupling_Spatiotemporal_Representation_for_RGB-D-Based_Motion_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Robust and Adaptive Motion Forecasting: A Causal Representation Perspective
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Towards_Robust_and_Adaptive_Motion_Forecasting_A_Causal_Representation_Perspective_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Escaping Data Scarcity for High-Resolution Heterogeneous Face Hallucination
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mei_Escaping_Data_Scarcity_for_High-Resolution_Heterogeneous_Face_Hallucination_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Visual Acoustic Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Visual_Acoustic_Matching_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Unified Multivariate Gaussian Mixture for Efficient Neural Image Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhu_Unified_Multivariate_Gaussian_Mixture_for_Efficient_Neural_Image_Compression_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
3D Photo Stylization: Learning To Generate Stylized Novel Views From a Single Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mu_3D_Photo_Stylization_Learning_To_Generate_Stylized_Novel_Views_From_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SelfD: Self-Learning Large-Scale Driving Policies From the Web
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_SelfD_Self-Learning_Large-Scale_Driving_Policies_From_the_Web_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
&quot;The Pedestrian Next to the Lamppost&quot; Adaptive Object Graphs for Better Instantaneous Mapping
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Saha_The_Pedestrian_Next_to_the_Lamppost_Adaptive_Object_Graphs_for_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Surpassing the Human Accuracy: Detecting Gallbladder Cancer From USG Images With Curriculum Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Basu_Surpassing_the_Human_Accuracy_Detecting_Gallbladder_Cancer_From_USG_Images_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Autofocus for Event Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lin_Autofocus_for_Event_Cameras_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Multiple Adverse Weather Removal via Two-Stage Knowledge Learning and Multi-Contrastive Regularization: Toward a Unified Model
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Learning_Multiple_Adverse_Weather_Removal_via_Two-Stage_Knowledge_Learning_and_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
L-Verse: Bidirectional Generation Between Image and Text
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_L-Verse_Bidirectional_Generation_Between_Image_and_Text_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Learning of Adversarial Example: Towards Good Generalizations for Deepfake Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Self-Supervised_Learning_of_Adversarial_Example_Towards_Good_Generalizations_for_Deepfake_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Ego4D: Around the World in 3,000 Hours of Egocentric Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Grauman_Ego4D_Around_the_World_in_3000_Hours_of_Egocentric_Video_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Pre-Training of Swin Transformers for 3D Medical Image Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tang_Self-Supervised_Pre-Training_of_Swin_Transformers_for_3D_Medical_Image_Analysis_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Camera-Conditioned Stable Feature Generation for Isolated Camera Supervised Person Re-IDentification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_Camera-Conditioned_Stable_Feature_Generation_for_Isolated_Camera_Supervised_Person_Re-IDentification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation Using Out-of-Distribution Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lee_Weakly_Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_Using_Out-of-Distribution_Data_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Point-Level Region Contrast for Object Detection Pre-Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Bai_Point-Level_Region_Contrast_for_Object_Detection_Pre-Training_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Spatial-Temporal Parallel Transformer for Arm-Hand Dynamic Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Spatial-Temporal_Parallel_Transformer_for_Arm-Hand_Dynamic_Estimation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Failure Modes of Domain Generalization Algorithms
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Galstyan_Failure_Modes_of_Domain_Generalization_Algorithms_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Class Similarity Weighted Knowledge Distillation for Continual Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Phan_Class_Similarity_Weighted_Knowledge_Distillation_for_Continual_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DAD-3DHeads: A Large-Scale Dense, Accurate and Diverse Dataset for 3D Head Alignment From a Single Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Martyniuk_DAD-3DHeads_A_Large-Scale_Dense_Accurate_and_Diverse_Dataset_for_3D_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
vCLIMB: A Novel Video Class Incremental Learning Benchmark
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Villa_vCLIMB_A_Novel_Video_Class_Incremental_Learning_Benchmark_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Bending Reality: Distortion-Aware Transformers for Adapting to Panoramic Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Bending_Reality_Distortion-Aware_Transformers_for_Adapting_to_Panoramic_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
INS-Conv: Incremental Sparse Convolution for Online 3D Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_INS-Conv_Incremental_Sparse_Convolution_for_Online_3D_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Visual Vibration Tomography: Estimating Interior Material Properties From Monocular Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Feng_Visual_Vibration_Tomography_Estimating_Interior_Material_Properties_From_Monocular_Video_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Rope3D: The Roadside Perception Dataset for Autonomous Driving and Monocular 3D Object Detection Task
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ye_Rope3D_The_Roadside_Perception_Dataset_for_Autonomous_Driving_and_Monocular_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Noisy Boundaries: Lemon or Lemonade for Semi-Supervised Instance Segmentation?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Noisy_Boundaries_Lemon_or_Lemonade_for_Semi-Supervised_Instance_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Boosting View Synthesis With Residual Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Rong_Boosting_View_Synthesis_With_Residual_Transfer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Think Global, Act Local: Dual-Scale Graph Transformer for Vision-and-Language Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Think_Global_Act_Local_Dual-Scale_Graph_Transformer_for_Vision-and-Language_Navigation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Layer-Wise Image Vectorization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ma_Towards_Layer-Wise_Image_Vectorization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Scenic: A JAX Library for Computer Vision Research and Beyond
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dehghani_Scenic_A_JAX_Library_for_Computer_Vision_Research_and_Beyond_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CNN Filter DB: An Empirical Investigation of Trained Convolutional Filters
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Gavrikov_CNN_Filter_DB_An_Empirical_Investigation_of_Trained_Convolutional_Filters_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ScePT: Scene-Consistent, Policy-Based Trajectory Predictions for Planning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_ScePT_Scene-Consistent_Policy-Based_Trajectory_Predictions_for_Planning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deep Saliency Prior for Reducing Visual Distraction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Aberman_Deep_Saliency_Prior_for_Reducing_Visual_Distraction_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Efficient Large-Scale Localization by Global Instance Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xue_Efficient_Large-Scale_Localization_by_Global_Instance_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Spatial Commonsense Graph for Object Localisation in Partial Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Giuliari_Spatial_Commonsense_Graph_for_Object_Localisation_in_Partial_Scenes_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Physically-Guided Disentangled Implicit Rendering for 3D Face Modeling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Physically-Guided_Disentangled_Implicit_Rendering_for_3D_Face_Modeling_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
M5Product: Self-Harmonized Contrastive Learning for E-Commercial Multi-Modal Pretraining
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dong_M5Product_Self-Harmonized_Contrastive_Learning_for_E-Commercial_Multi-Modal_Pretraining_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
On Guiding Visual Attention With Language Specification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Petryk_On_Guiding_Visual_Attention_With_Language_Specification_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ReSTR: Convolution-Free Referring Image Segmentation Using Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_ReSTR_Convolution-Free_Referring_Image_Segmentation_Using_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Use All the Labels: A Hierarchical Multi-Label Contrastive Learning Framework
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Use_All_the_Labels_A_Hierarchical_Multi-Label_Contrastive_Learning_Framework_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SGTR: End-to-End Scene Graph Generation With Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_SGTR_End-to-End_Scene_Graph_Generation_With_Transformer_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Set-Supervised Action Learning in Procedural Task Videos via Pairwise Order Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lu_Set-Supervised_Action_Learning_in_Procedural_Task_Videos_via_Pairwise_Order_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DeepFusion: Lidar-Camera Deep Fusion for Multi-Modal 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_DeepFusion_Lidar-Camera_Deep_Fusion_for_Multi-Modal_3D_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DeepFace-EMD: Re-Ranking Using Patch-Wise Earth Mover&#x27;s Distance Improves Out-of-Distribution Face Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Phan_DeepFace-EMD_Re-Ranking_Using_Patch-Wise_Earth_Movers_Distance_Improves_Out-of-Distribution_Face_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
General Facial Representation Learning in a Visual-Linguistic Manner
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zheng_General_Facial_Representation_Learning_in_a_Visual-Linguistic_Manner_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Improving Segmentation of the Inferior Alveolar Nerve Through Deep Label Propagation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cipriano_Improving_Segmentation_of_the_Inferior_Alveolar_Nerve_Through_Deep_Label_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Dual-Shutter Optical Vibration Sensing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sheinin_Dual-Shutter_Optical_Vibration_Sensing_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Interactiveness Field in Human-Object Interactions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Interactiveness_Field_in_Human-Object_Interactions_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Dense Consistency Regularization for Image-to-Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ko_Self-Supervised_Dense_Consistency_Regularization_for_Image-to-Image_Translation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
The Devil Is in the Details: Window-Based Attention for Image Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zou_The_Devil_Is_in_the_Details_Window-Based_Attention_for_Image_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Category-Aware Transformer Network for Better Human-Object Interaction Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dong_Category-Aware_Transformer_Network_for_Better_Human-Object_Interaction_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
LARGE: Latent-Based Regression Through GAN Semantics
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Nitzan_LARGE_Latent-Based_Regression_Through_GAN_Semantics_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Are Multimodal Transformers Robust to Missing Modality?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ma_Are_Multimodal_Transformers_Robust_to_Missing_Modality_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Fisher Information Guidance for Learned Time-of-Flight Imaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Fisher_Information_Guidance_for_Learned_Time-of-Flight_Imaging_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
VRDFormer: End-to-End Video Visual Relation Detection With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zheng_VRDFormer_End-to-End_Video_Visual_Relation_Detection_With_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CLIPstyler: Image Style Transfer With a Single Text Condition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kwon_CLIPstyler_Image_Style_Transfer_With_a_Single_Text_Condition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Ray Priors Through Reprojection: Improving Neural Radiance Fields for Novel View Extrapolation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Ray_Priors_Through_Reprojection_Improving_Neural_Radiance_Fields_for_Novel_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Spatio-Temporal Relation Modeling for Few-Shot Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Thatipelli_Spatio-Temporal_Relation_Modeling_for_Few-Shot_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Pop-Out Motion: 3D-Aware Image Deformation via Learning the Shape Laplacian
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lee_Pop-Out_Motion_3D-Aware_Image_Deformation_via_Learning_the_Shape_Laplacian_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Noiseless Object Contours for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Towards_Noiseless_Object_Contours_for_Weakly_Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Image-to-Image Translation With Generative Prior
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_Unsupervised_Image-to-Image_Translation_With_Generative_Prior_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Multi-Marginal Contrastive Learning for Multi-Label Subcellular Protein Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Multi-Marginal_Contrastive_Learning_for_Multi-Label_Subcellular_Protein_Localization_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Predict, Prevent, and Evaluate: Disentangled Text-Driven Image Manipulation Empowered by Pre-Trained Vision-Language Model
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_Predict_Prevent_and_Evaluate_Disentangled_Text-Driven_Image_Manipulation_Empowered_by_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
RU-Net: Regularized Unrolling Network for Scene Graph Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lin_RU-Net_Regularized_Unrolling_Network_for_Scene_Graph_Generation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Integrating Language Guidance Into Vision-Based Deep Metric Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Roth_Integrating_Language_Guidance_Into_Vision-Based_Deep_Metric_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PartGlot: Learning Shape Part Segmentation From Language Reference Games
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Koo_PartGlot_Learning_Shape_Part_Segmentation_From_Language_Reference_Games_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DIVeR: Real-Time and Accurate Neural Radiance Fields With Deterministic Integration for Volume Rendering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wu_DIVeR_Real-Time_and_Accurate_Neural_Radiance_Fields_With_Deterministic_Integration_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ContIG: Self-Supervised Multimodal Contrastive Learning for Medical Imaging With Genetics
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Taleb_ContIG_Self-Supervised_Multimodal_Contrastive_Learning_for_Medical_Imaging_With_Genetics_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Disentangling Visual and Written Concepts in CLIP
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Materzynska_Disentangling_Visual_and_Written_Concepts_in_CLIP_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Bilateral Video Magnification Filter
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Takeda_Bilateral_Video_Magnification_Filter_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
AdaFocus V2: End-to-End Training of Spatial Dynamic Networks for Video Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_AdaFocus_V2_End-to-End_Training_of_Spatial_Dynamic_Networks_for_Video_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural Mean Discrepancy for Efficient Out-of-Distribution Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Dong_Neural_Mean_Discrepancy_for_Efficient_Out-of-Distribution_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Time Lens++: Event-Based Frame Interpolation With Parametric Non-Linear Flow and Multi-Scale Fusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Tulyakov_Time_Lens_Event-Based_Frame_Interpolation_With_Parametric_Non-Linear_Flow_and_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
It Is Okay To Not Be Okay: Overcoming Emotional Bias in Affective Image Captioning by Contrastive Data Collection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mohamed_It_Is_Okay_To_Not_Be_Okay_Overcoming_Emotional_Bias_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Neural Global Shutter: Learn To Restore Video From a Rolling Shutter Camera With Global Reset Feature
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Neural_Global_Shutter_Learn_To_Restore_Video_From_a_Rolling_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DiRA: Discriminative, Restorative, and Adversarial Learning for Self-Supervised Medical Image Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Haghighi_DiRA_Discriminative_Restorative_and_Adversarial_Learning_for_Self-Supervised_Medical_Image_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Open Challenges in Deep Stereo: The Booster Dataset
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ramirez_Open_Challenges_in_Deep_Stereo_The_Booster_Dataset_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Bulk Motion Artifact Removal in Optical Coherence Tomography Angiography
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ren_Self-Supervised_Bulk_Motion_Artifact_Removal_in_Optical_Coherence_Tomography_Angiography_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
PoseTrack21: A Dataset for Person Search, Multi-Object Tracking and Multi-Person Pose Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Doring_PoseTrack21_A_Dataset_for_Person_Search_Multi-Object_Tracking_and_Multi-Person_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Ithaca365: Dataset and Driving Perception Under Repeated and Challenging Weather Conditions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Diaz-Ruiz_Ithaca365_Dataset_and_Driving_Perception_Under_Repeated_and_Challenging_Weather_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
YouMVOS: An Actor-Centric Multi-Shot Video Object Segmentation Dataset
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wei_YouMVOS_An_Actor-Centric_Multi-Shot_Video_Object_Segmentation_Dataset_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Rethinking Spatial Invariance of Convolutional Networks for Object Counting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cheng_Rethinking_Spatial_Invariance_of_Convolutional_Networks_for_Object_Counting_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Geometric Anchor Correspondence Mining With Uncertainty Modeling for Universal Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Chen_Geometric_Anchor_Correspondence_Mining_With_Uncertainty_Modeling_for_Universal_Domain_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Coopernaut: End-to-End Driving With Cooperative Perception for Networked Vehicles
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Cui_Coopernaut_End-to-End_Driving_With_Cooperative_Perception_for_Networked_Vehicles_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Keypoint Detection With Uncertainty Learning for Unseen Species
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Lu_Few-Shot_Keypoint_Detection_With_Uncertainty_Learning_for_Unseen_Species_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
3D-SPS: Single-Stage 3D Visual Grounding via Referred Point Progressive Selection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Luo_3D-SPS_Single-Stage_3D_Visual_Grounding_via_Referred_Point_Progressive_Selection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Multiple Dense Prediction Tasks From Partially Annotated Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Learning_Multiple_Dense_Prediction_Tasks_From_Partially_Annotated_Data_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Towards Low-Cost and Efficient Malaria Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sultani_Towards_Low-Cost_and_Efficient_Malaria_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Neural Light Fields With Ray-Space Embedding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Attal_Learning_Neural_Light_Fields_With_Ray-Space_Embedding_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Clean Implicit 3D Structure From Noisy 2D STEM Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kniesel_Clean_Implicit_3D_Structure_From_Noisy_2D_STEM_Images_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
UKPGAN: A General Self-Supervised Keypoint Detector
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/You_UKPGAN_A_General_Self-Supervised_Keypoint_Detector_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning Optimal K-Space Acquisition and Reconstruction Using Physics-Informed Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Peng_Learning_Optimal_K-Space_Acquisition_and_Reconstruction_Using_Physics-Informed_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Raw High-Definition Radar for Multi-Task Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Rebut_Raw_High-Definition_Radar_for_Multi-Task_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Exploring Set Similarity for Dense Self-Supervised Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_Exploring_Set_Similarity_for_Dense_Self-Supervised_Representation_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
ONCE-3DLanes: Building Monocular 3D Lane Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yan_ONCE-3DLanes_Building_Monocular_3D_Lane_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Weakly but Deeply Supervised Occlusion-Reasoned Parametric Road Layouts
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Weakly_but_Deeply_Supervised_Occlusion-Reasoned_Parametric_Road_Layouts_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Modulated Contrast for Versatile Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhan_Modulated_Contrast_for_Versatile_Image_Synthesis_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Identifying Ambiguous Similarity Conditions via Semantic Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ye_Identifying_Ambiguous_Similarity_Conditions_via_Semantic_Matching_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
MSTR: Multi-Scale Transformer for End-to-End Human-Object Interaction Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_MSTR_Multi-Scale_Transformer_for_End-to-End_Human-Object_Interaction_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DetectorDetective: Investigating the Effects of Adversarial Examples on Object Detectors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Vellaichamy_DetectorDetective_Investigating_the_Effects_of_Adversarial_Examples_on_Object_Detectors_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
EMScore: Evaluating Video Captioning via Coarse-Grained and Fine-Grained Embedding Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shi_EMScore_Evaluating_Video_Captioning_via_Coarse-Grained_and_Fine-Grained_Embedding_Matching_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SNR-Aware Low-Light Image Enhancement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_SNR-Aware_Low-Light_Image_Enhancement_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
3D Common Corruptions and Data Augmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kar_3D_Common_Corruptions_and_Data_Augmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Injecting Semantic Concepts Into End-to-End Image Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Fang_Injecting_Semantic_Concepts_Into_End-to-End_Image_Captioning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
L2G: A Simple Local-to-Global Knowledge Transfer Framework for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Jiang_L2G_A_Simple_Local-to-Global_Knowledge_Transfer_Framework_for_Weakly_Supervised_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
VL-InterpreT: An Interactive Visualization Tool for Interpreting Vision-Language Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Aflalo_VL-InterpreT_An_Interactive_Visualization_Tool_for_Interpreting_Vision-Language_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
LiDAR Snowfall Simulation for Robust 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hahner_LiDAR_Snowfall_Simulation_for_Robust_3D_Object_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Structural and Statistical Texture Knowledge Distillation for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ji_Structural_and_Statistical_Texture_Knowledge_Distillation_for_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Blended Diffusion for Text-Driven Editing of Natural Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Avrahami_Blended_Diffusion_for_Text-Driven_Editing_of_Natural_Images_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
BE-STI: Spatial-Temporal Integrated Network for Class-Agnostic Motion Prediction With Bidirectional Enhancement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Wang_BE-STI_Spatial-Temporal_Integrated_Network_for_Class-Agnostic_Motion_Prediction_With_Bidirectional_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
A Structured Dictionary Perspective on Implicit Neural Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yuce_A_Structured_Dictionary_Perspective_on_Implicit_Neural_Representations_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Learning To Answer Questions in Dynamic Audio-Visual Scenarios
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_Learning_To_Answer_Questions_in_Dynamic_Audio-Visual_Scenarios_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Synthetic Aperture Imaging With Events and Frames
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liao_Synthetic_Aperture_Imaging_With_Events_and_Frames_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
CLIP-Event: Connecting Text and Images With Event Structures
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_CLIP-Event_Connecting_Text_and_Images_With_Event_Structures_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Scaling Up Vision-Language Pre-Training for Image Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Hu_Scaling_Up_Vision-Language_Pre-Training_for_Image_Captioning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Action Segmentation by Joint Representation Learning and Online Clustering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kumar_Unsupervised_Action_Segmentation_by_Joint_Representation_Learning_and_Online_Clustering_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
LISA: Learning Implicit Shape and Appearance of Hands
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Corona_LISA_Learning_Implicit_Shape_and_Appearance_of_Hands_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DiGS: Divergence Guided Shape Implicit Neural Representation for Unoriented Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Ben-Shabat_DiGS_Divergence_Guided_Shape_Implicit_Neural_Representation_for_Unoriented_Point_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised Learning of Semantic Correspondence With Pseudo-Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kim_Semi-Supervised_Learning_of_Semantic_Correspondence_With_Pseudo-Labels_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
HLRTF: Hierarchical Low-Rank Tensor Factorization for Inverse Problems in Multi-Dimensional Imaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Luo_HLRTF_Hierarchical_Low-Rank_Tensor_Factorization_for_Inverse_Problems_in_Multi-Dimensional_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
FIBA: Frequency-Injection Based Backdoor Attack in Medical Image Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Feng_FIBA_Frequency-Injection_Based_Backdoor_Attack_in_Medical_Image_Analysis_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Deep Constrained Least Squares for Blind Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Luo_Deep_Constrained_Least_Squares_for_Blind_Image_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Beyond a Pre-Trained Object Detector: Cross-Modal Textual and Visual Context for Image Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Kuo_Beyond_a_Pre-Trained_Object_Detector_Cross-Modal_Textual_and_Visual_Context_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Symmetry-Aware Neural Architecture for Embodied Visual Exploration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Liu_Symmetry-Aware_Neural_Architecture_for_Embodied_Visual_Exploration_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
From Representation to Reasoning: Towards Both Evidence and Commonsense Reasoning for Video Question-Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Li_From_Representation_to_Reasoning_Towards_Both_Evidence_and_Commonsense_Reasoning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DanceTrack: Multi-Object Tracking in Uniform Appearance and Diverse Motion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Sun_DanceTrack_Multi-Object_Tracking_in_Uniform_Appearance_and_Diverse_Motion_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Learning of Debiased Representations With Pseudo-Attributes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Seo_Unsupervised_Learning_of_Debiased_Representations_With_Pseudo-Attributes_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
TubeDETR: Spatio-Temporal Video Grounding With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Yang_TubeDETR_Spatio-Temporal_Video_Grounding_With_Transformers_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
SLIC: Self-Supervised Learning With Iterative Clustering for Human Action Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Khorasgani_SLIC_Self-Supervised_Learning_With_Iterative_Clustering_for_Human_Action_Videos_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
UBnormal: New Benchmark for Supervised Open-Set Video Anomaly Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Acsintoae_UBnormal_New_Benchmark_for_Supervised_Open-Set_Video_Anomaly_Detection_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Beyond Cross-View Image Retrieval: Highly Accurate Vehicle Localization Using Satellite Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Shi_Beyond_Cross-View_Image_Retrieval_Highly_Accurate_Vehicle_Localization_Using_Satellite_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Closing the Generalization Gap of Cross-Silo Federated Medical Image Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Xu_Closing_the_Generalization_Gap_of_Cross-Silo_Federated_Medical_Image_Segmentation_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Leverage Your Local and Global Representations: A New Self-Supervised Learning Strategy
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Zhang_Leverage_Your_Local_and_Global_Representations_A_New_Self-Supervised_Learning_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
NeRF in the Dark: High Dynamic Range View Synthesis From Noisy Raw Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Mildenhall_NeRF_in_the_Dark_High_Dynamic_Range_View_Synthesis_From_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
DArch: Dental Arch Prior-Assisted 3D Tooth Instance Segmentation With Weak Annotations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Qiu_DArch_Dental_Arch_Prior-Assisted_3D_Tooth_Instance_Segmentation_With_Weak_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
Globetrotter: Connecting Languages by Connecting Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2022/papers/Suris_Globetrotter_Connecting_Languages_by_Connecting_Images_CVPR_2022_paper.pdf
