Finding Task-Relevant Features for Few-Shot Learning by Category Traversal
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Finding_Task-Relevant_Features_for_Few-Shot_Learning_by_Category_Traversal_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Edge-Labeling Graph Neural Network for Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kim_Edge-Labeling_Graph_Neural_Network_for_Few-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Generating Classification Weights With GNN Denoising Autoencoders for Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gidaris_Generating_Classification_Weights_With_GNN_Denoising_Autoencoders_for_Few-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Kervolutional Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Kervolutional_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Why ReLU Networks Yield High-Confidence Predictions Far Away From the Training Data and How to Mitigate the Problem
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hein_Why_ReLU_Networks_Yield_High-Confidence_Predictions_Far_Away_From_the_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
On the Structural Sensitivity of Deep Convolutional Networks to the Directions of Fourier Basis Functions
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tsuzuku_On_the_Structural_Sensitivity_of_Deep_Convolutional_Networks_to_the_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Neural Rejuvenation: Improving Deep Network Training by Enhancing Computational Resource Utilization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Qiao_Neural_Rejuvenation_Improving_Deep_Network_Training_by_Enhancing_Computational_Resource_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Hardness-Aware Deep Metric Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zheng_Hardness-Aware_Deep_Metric_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Auto-DeepLab: Hierarchical Neural Architecture Search for Semantic Image Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Auto-DeepLab_Hierarchical_Neural_Architecture_Search_for_Semantic_Image_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Loss for Active Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yoo_Learning_Loss_for_Active_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Striking the Right Balance With Uncertainty
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Khan_Striking_the_Right_Balance_With_Uncertainty_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
AutoAugment: Learning Augmentation Strategies From Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Cubuk_AutoAugment_Learning_Augmentation_Strategies_From_Data_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
SDRSAC: Semidefinite-Based Randomized Approach for Robust Point Cloud Registration Without Correspondences
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Le_SDRSAC_Semidefinite-Based_Randomized_Approach_for_Robust_Point_Cloud_Registration_Without_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
BAD SLAM: Bundle Adjusted Direct RGB-D SLAM
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Schops_BAD_SLAM_Bundle_Adjusted_Direct_RGB-D_SLAM_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Revealing Scenes by Inverting Structure From Motion Reconstructions
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Pittaluga_Revealing_Scenes_by_Inverting_Structure_From_Motion_Reconstructions_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Strand-Accurate Multi-View Hair Capture
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Nam_Strand-Accurate_Multi-View_Hair_Capture_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
DeepSDF: Learning Continuous Signed Distance Functions for Shape Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Park_DeepSDF_Learning_Continuous_Signed_Distance_Functions_for_Shape_Representation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Pushing the Boundaries of View Extrapolation With Multiplane Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Srinivasan_Pushing_the_Boundaries_of_View_Extrapolation_With_Multiplane_Images_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
GA-Net: Guided Aggregation Net for End-To-End Stereo Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_GA-Net_Guided_Aggregation_Net_for_End-To-End_Stereo_Matching_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Real-Time Self-Adaptive Deep Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tonioni_Real-Time_Self-Adaptive_Deep_Stereo_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
LAF-Net: Locally Adaptive Fusion Networks for Stereo Confidence Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kim_LAF-Net_Locally_Adaptive_Fusion_Networks_for_Stereo_Confidence_Estimation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
NM-Net: Mining Reliable Neighbors for Robust Feature Correspondences
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhao_NM-Net_Mining_Reliable_Neighbors_for_Robust_Feature_Correspondences_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Coordinate-Free Carlsson-Weinshall Duality and Relative Multi-View Geometry
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Trager_Coordinate-Free_Carlsson-Weinshall_Duality_and_Relative_Multi-View_Geometry_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Reinforcement Learning of Volume-Guided Progressive View Inpainting for 3D Point Scene Completion From a Single Depth Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Han_Deep_Reinforcement_Learning_of_Volume-Guided_Progressive_View_Inpainting_for_3D_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Video Action Transformer Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Girdhar_Video_Action_Transformer_Network_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Timeception for Complex Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hussein_Timeception_for_Complex_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
STEP: Spatio-Temporal Progressive Learning for Video Action Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yang_STEP_Spatio-Temporal_Progressive_Learning_for_Video_Action_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Relational Action Forecasting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Sun_Relational_Action_Forecasting_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Long-Term Feature Banks for Detailed Video Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wu_Long-Term_Feature_Banks_for_Detailed_Video_Understanding_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Which Way Are You Going? Imitative Decision Learning for Path Forecasting in Dynamic Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Which_Way_Are_You_Going_Imitative_Decision_Learning_for_Path_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
What and How Well You Performed? A Multitask Learning Approach to Action Quality Assessment
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Parmar_What_and_How_Well_You_Performed_A_Multitask_Learning_Approach_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
MHP-VOS: Multiple Hypotheses Propagation for Video Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xu_MHP-VOS_Multiple_Hypotheses_Propagation_for_Video_Object_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
2.5D Visual Sound
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gao_2.5D_Visual_Sound_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Language-Driven Temporal Activity Localization: A Semantic Matching Reinforcement Learning Model
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Language-Driven_Temporal_Activity_Localization_A_Semantic_Matching_Reinforcement_Learning_Model_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Gaussian Temporal Awareness Networks for Action Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Long_Gaussian_Temporal_Awareness_Networks_for_Action_Localization_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Efficient Video Classification Using Fewer Frames
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Bhardwaj_Efficient_Video_Classification_Using_Fewer_Frames_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Parsing R-CNN for Instance-Level Human Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yang_Parsing_R-CNN_for_Instance-Level_Human_Analysis_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Large Scale Incremental Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wu_Large_Scale_Incremental_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
TopNet: Structural Point Cloud Decoder
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tchapmi_TopNet_Structural_Point_Cloud_Decoder_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Perceive Where to Focus: Learning Visibility-Aware Part-Level Features for Partial Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Sun_Perceive_Where_to_Focus_Learning_Visibility-Aware_Part-Level_Features_for_Partial_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Meta-Transfer Learning for Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Sun_Meta-Transfer_Learning_for_Few-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Structured Binary Neural Networks for Accurate Image Classification and Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhuang_Structured_Binary_Neural_Networks_for_Accurate_Image_Classification_and_Semantic_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep RNN Framework for Visual Sequential Applications
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Pang_Deep_RNN_Framework_for_Visual_Sequential_Applications_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Graph-Based Global Reasoning Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Graph-Based_Global_Reasoning_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
SSN: Learning Sparse Switchable Normalization via SparsestMax
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shao_SSN_Learning_Sparse_Switchable_Normalization_via_SparsestMax_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Spherical Fractal Convolutional Neural Networks for Point Cloud Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Rao_Spherical_Fractal_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_for_Point_Cloud_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Generate Synthetic Data via Compositing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tripathi_Learning_to_Generate_Synthetic_Data_via_Compositing_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Divide and Conquer the Embedding Space for Metric Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Sanakoyeu_Divide_and_Conquer_the_Embedding_Space_for_Metric_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Latent Space Autoregression for Novelty Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Abati_Latent_Space_Autoregression_for_Novelty_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Attending to Discriminative Certainty for Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kurmi_Attending_to_Discriminative_Certainty_for_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Feature Denoising for Improving Adversarial Robustness
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xie_Feature_Denoising_for_Improving_Adversarial_Robustness_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Selective Kernel Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Selective_Kernel_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
On Implicit Filter Level Sparsity in Convolutional Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Mehta_On_Implicit_Filter_Level_Sparsity_in_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
FlowNet3D: Learning Scene Flow in 3D Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_FlowNet3D_Learning_Scene_Flow_in_3D_Point_Clouds_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Scene Memory Transformer for Embodied Agents in Long-Horizon Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Fang_Scene_Memory_Transformer_for_Embodied_Agents_in_Long-Horizon_Tasks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Co-Occurrent Features in Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Co-Occurrent_Features_in_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Bag of Tricks for Image Classification with Convolutional Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/He_Bag_of_Tricks_for_Image_Classification_with_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Channel-Wise Interactions for Binary Convolutional Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Learning_Channel-Wise_Interactions_for_Binary_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Knowledge Adaptation for Efficient Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/He_Knowledge_Adaptation_for_Efficient_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Parametric Noise Injection: Trainable Randomness to Improve Deep Neural Network Robustness Against Adversarial Attack
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/He_Parametric_Noise_Injection_Trainable_Randomness_to_Improve_Deep_Neural_Network_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Invariance Matters: Exemplar Memory for Domain Adaptive Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhong_Invariance_Matters_Exemplar_Memory_for_Domain_Adaptive_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Dissecting Person Re-Identification From the Viewpoint of Viewpoint
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Sun_Dissecting_Person_Re-Identification_From_the_Viewpoint_of_Viewpoint_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Reduce Dual-Level Discrepancy for Infrared-Visible Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Learning_to_Reduce_Dual-Level_Discrepancy_for_Infrared-Visible_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Progressive Feature Alignment for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Progressive_Feature_Alignment_for_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Feature-Level Frankenstein: Eliminating Variations for Discriminative Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Feature-Level_Frankenstein_Eliminating_Variations_for_Discriminative_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning a Deep ConvNet for Multi-Label Classification With Partial Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Durand_Learning_a_Deep_ConvNet_for_Multi-Label_Classification_With_Partial_Labels_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Generalized Intersection Over Union: A Metric and a Loss for Bounding Box Regression
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Rezatofighi_Generalized_Intersection_Over_Union_A_Metric_and_a_Loss_for_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Densely Semantically Aligned Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Densely_Semantically_Aligned_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Generalising Fine-Grained Sketch-Based Image Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Pang_Generalising_Fine-Grained_Sketch-Based_Image_Retrieval_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Adapting Object Detectors via Selective Cross-Domain Alignment
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhu_Adapting_Object_Detectors_via_Selective_Cross-Domain_Alignment_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Cyclic Guidance for Weakly Supervised Joint Detection and Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shen_Cyclic_Guidance_for_Weakly_Supervised_Joint_Detection_and_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Thinking Outside the Pool: Active Training Image Creation for Relative Attributes
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yu_Thinking_Outside_the_Pool_Active_Training_Image_Creation_for_Relative_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Generalizable Person Re-Identification by Domain-Invariant Mapping Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Song_Generalizable_Person_Re-Identification_by_Domain-Invariant_Mapping_Network_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Visual Attention Consistency Under Image Transforms for Multi-Label Image Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Guo_Visual_Attention_Consistency_Under_Image_Transforms_for_Multi-Label_Image_Classification_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Re-Ranking via Metric Fusion for Object Retrieval and Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Bai_Re-Ranking_via_Metric_Fusion_for_Object_Retrieval_and_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Open Domain Recognition by Semantic Discrepancy Minimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhuo_Unsupervised_Open_Domain_Recognition_by_Semantic_Discrepancy_Minimization_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Meng_Weakly_Supervised_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
PointRCNN: 3D Object Proposal Generation and Detection From Point Cloud
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shi_PointRCNN_3D_Object_Proposal_Generation_and_Detection_From_Point_Cloud_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Automatic Adaptation of Object Detectors to New Domains Using Self-Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/RoyChowdhury_Automatic_Adaptation_of_Object_Detectors_to_New_Domains_Using_Self-Training_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Sketch-Shape Hashing With Segmented 3D Stochastic Viewing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Deep_Sketch-Shape_Hashing_With_Segmented_3D_Stochastic_Viewing_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Generative Dual Adversarial Network for Generalized Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Huang_Generative_Dual_Adversarial_Network_for_Generalized_Zero-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Query-Guided End-To-End Person Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Munjal_Query-Guided_End-To-End_Person_Search_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Libra R-CNN: Towards Balanced Learning for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Pang_Libra_R-CNN_Towards_Balanced_Learning_for_Object_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning a Unified Classifier Incrementally via Rebalancing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hou_Learning_a_Unified_Classifier_Incrementally_via_Rebalancing_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Feature Selective Anchor-Free Module for Single-Shot Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhu_Feature_Selective_Anchor-Free_Module_for_Single-Shot_Object_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Bottom-Up Object Detection by Grouping Extreme and Center Points
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhou_Bottom-Up_Object_Detection_by_Grouping_Extreme_and_Center_Points_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Feature Distillation: DNN-Oriented JPEG Compression Against Adversarial Examples
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Feature_Distillation_DNN-Oriented_JPEG_Compression_Against_Adversarial_Examples_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
SCOPS: Self-Supervised Co-Part Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hung_SCOPS_Self-Supervised_Co-Part_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Moving Object Detection via Contextual Information Separation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yang_Unsupervised_Moving_Object_Detection_via_Contextual_Information_Separation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Pose2Seg: Detection Free Human Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Pose2Seg_Detection_Free_Human_Instance_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
DrivingStereo: A Large-Scale Dataset for Stereo Matching in Autonomous Driving Scenarios
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yang_DrivingStereo_A_Large-Scale_Dataset_for_Stereo_Matching_in_Autonomous_Driving_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
PartNet: A Large-Scale Benchmark for Fine-Grained and Hierarchical Part-Level 3D Object Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Mo_PartNet_A_Large-Scale_Benchmark_for_Fine-Grained_and_Hierarchical_Part-Level_3D_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Dataset and Benchmark for Large-Scale Multi-Modal Face Anti-Spoofing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_A_Dataset_and_Benchmark_for_Large-Scale_Multi-Modal_Face_Anti-Spoofing_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Learning of Consensus Maximization for 3D Vision Problems
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Probst_Unsupervised_Learning_of_Consensus_Maximization_for_3D_Vision_Problems_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
VizWiz-Priv: A Dataset for Recognizing the Presence and Purpose of Private Visual Information in Images Taken by Blind People
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gurari_VizWiz-Priv_A_Dataset_for_Recognizing_the_Presence_and_Purpose_of_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Structural Relational Reasoning of Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Duan_Structural_Relational_Reasoning_of_Point_Clouds_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
MVF-Net: Multi-View 3D Face Morphable Model Regression
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wu_MVF-Net_Multi-View_3D_Face_Morphable_Model_Regression_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Photometric Mesh Optimization for Video-Aligned 3D Object Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lin_Photometric_Mesh_Optimization_for_Video-Aligned_3D_Object_Reconstruction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Guided Stereo Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Poggi_Guided_Stereo_Matching_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Event-Based Learning of Optical Flow, Depth, and Egomotion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhu_Unsupervised_Event-Based_Learning_of_Optical_Flow_Depth_and_Egomotion_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Modeling Local Geometric Structure of 3D Point Clouds Using Geo-CNN
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lan_Modeling_Local_Geometric_Structure_of_3D_Point_Clouds_Using_Geo-CNN_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
3D Point Capsule Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhao_3D_Point_Capsule_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
GS3D: An Efficient 3D Object Detection Framework for Autonomous Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_GS3D_An_Efficient_3D_Object_Detection_Framework_for_Autonomous_Driving_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Single-Image Piece-Wise Planar 3D Reconstruction via Associative Embedding
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yu_Single-Image_Piece-Wise_Planar_3D_Reconstruction_via_Associative_Embedding_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
3DN: 3D Deformation Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_3DN_3D_Deformation_Network_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
HorizonNet: Learning Room Layout With 1D Representation and Pano Stretch Data Augmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Sun_HorizonNet_Learning_Room_Layout_With_1D_Representation_and_Pano_Stretch_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Fitting Degree Scoring Network for Monocular 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Deep_Fitting_Degree_Scoring_Network_for_Monocular_3D_Object_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Pushing the Envelope for RGB-Based Dense 3D Hand Pose Estimation via Neural Rendering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Baek_Pushing_the_Envelope_for_RGB-Based_Dense_3D_Hand_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Learning of 3D Human Pose Using Multi-View Geometry
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kocabas_Self-Supervised_Learning_of_3D_Human_Pose_Using_Multi-View_Geometry_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
FSA-Net: Learning Fine-Grained Structure Aggregation for Head Pose Estimation From a Single Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yang_FSA-Net_Learning_Fine-Grained_Structure_Aggregation_for_Head_Pose_Estimation_From_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Dense 3D Face Decoding Over 2500FPS: Joint Texture & Shape Convolutional Mesh Decoders
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhou_Dense_3D_Face_Decoding_Over_2500FPS_Joint_Texture__Shape_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Does Learning Specific Features for Related Parts Help Human Pose Estimation?
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tang_Does_Learning_Specific_Features_for_Related_Parts_Help_Human_Pose_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Linkage Based Face Clustering via Graph Convolution Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Linkage_Based_Face_Clustering_via_Graph_Convolution_Network_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Towards High-Fidelity Nonlinear 3D Face Morphable Model
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tran_Towards_High-Fidelity_Nonlinear_3D_Face_Morphable_Model_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
RegularFace: Deep Face Recognition via Exclusive Regularization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhao_RegularFace_Deep_Face_Recognition_via_Exclusive_Regularization_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
BridgeNet: A Continuity-Aware Probabilistic Network for Age Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_BridgeNet_A_Continuity-Aware_Probabilistic_Network_for_Age_Estimation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
GANFIT: Generative Adversarial Network Fitting for High Fidelity 3D Face Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gecer_GANFIT_Generative_Adversarial_Network_Fitting_for_High_Fidelity_3D_Face_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Improving the Performance of Unimodal Dynamic Hand-Gesture Recognition With Multimodal Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Abavisani_Improving_the_Performance_of_Unimodal_Dynamic_Hand-Gesture_Recognition_With_Multimodal_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Reconstruct People in Clothing From a Single RGB Camera
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Alldieck_Learning_to_Reconstruct_People_in_Clothing_From_a_Single_RGB_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Distilled Person Re-Identification: Towards a More Scalable System
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wu_Distilled_Person_Re-Identification_Towards_a_More_Scalable_System_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Perceptual Prediction Framework for Self Supervised Event Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Aakur_A_Perceptual_Prediction_Framework_for_Self_Supervised_Event_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
COIN: A Large-Scale Dataset for Comprehensive Instructional Video Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tang_COIN_A_Large-Scale_Dataset_for_Comprehensive_Instructional_Video_Analysis_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Recurrent Attentive Zooming for Joint Crowd Counting and Precise Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Recurrent_Attentive_Zooming_for_Joint_Crowd_Counting_and_Precise_Localization_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
An Attention Enhanced Graph Convolutional LSTM Network for Skeleton-Based Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Si_An_Attention_Enhanced_Graph_Convolutional_LSTM_Network_for_Skeleton-Based_Action_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Graph Convolutional Label Noise Cleaner: Train a Plug-And-Play Action Classifier for Anomaly Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhong_Graph_Convolutional_Label_Noise_Cleaner_Train_a_Plug-And-Play_Action_Classifier_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
MAN: Moment Alignment Network for Natural Language Moment Retrieval via Iterative Graph Adjustment
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_MAN_Moment_Alignment_Network_for_Natural_Language_Moment_Retrieval_via_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Less Is More: Learning Highlight Detection From Video Duration
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xiong_Less_Is_More_Learning_Highlight_Detection_From_Video_Duration_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
DMC-Net: Generating Discriminative Motion Cues for Fast Compressed Video Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shou_DMC-Net_Generating_Discriminative_Motion_Cues_for_Fast_Compressed_Video_Action_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
AdaFrame: Adaptive Frame Selection for Fast Video Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wu_AdaFrame_Adaptive_Frame_Selection_for_Fast_Video_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Spatio-Temporal Video Re-Localization by Warp LSTM
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Feng_Spatio-Temporal_Video_Re-Localization_by_Warp_LSTM_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Completeness Modeling and Context Separation for Weakly Supervised Temporal Action Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Completeness_Modeling_and_Context_Separation_for_Weakly_Supervised_Temporal_Action_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Deep Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Unsupervised_Deep_Tracking_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Tracking by Animation: Unsupervised Learning of Multi-Object Attentive Trackers
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/He_Tracking_by_Animation_Unsupervised_Learning_of_Multi-Object_Attentive_Trackers_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Fast Online Object Tracking and Segmentation: A Unifying Approach
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Fast_Online_Object_Tracking_and_Segmentation_A_Unifying_Approach_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Object Tracking by Reconstruction With View-Specific Discriminative Correlation Filters
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kart_Object_Tracking_by_Reconstruction_With_View-Specific_Discriminative_Correlation_Filters_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
SoPhie: An Attentive GAN for Predicting Paths Compliant to Social and Physical Constraints
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Sadeghian_SoPhie_An_Attentive_GAN_for_Predicting_Paths_Compliant_to_Social_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Leveraging Shape Completion for 3D Siamese Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Giancola_Leveraging_Shape_Completion_for_3D_Siamese_Tracking_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Target-Aware Deep Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Target-Aware_Deep_Tracking_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Spatiotemporal CNN for Video Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xu_Spatiotemporal_CNN_for_Video_Object_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Towards Rich Feature Discovery With Class Activation Maps Augmentation for Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yang_Towards_Rich_Feature_Discovery_With_Class_Activation_Maps_Augmentation_for_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Wide-Context Semantic Image Extrapolation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Wide-Context_Semantic_Image_Extrapolation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
End-To-End Time-Lapse Video Synthesis From a Single Outdoor Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Nam_End-To-End_Time-Lapse_Video_Synthesis_From_a_Single_Outdoor_Image_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
GIF2Video: Color Dequantization and Temporal Interpolation of GIF Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_GIF2Video_Color_Dequantization_and_Temporal_Interpolation_of_GIF_Images_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Mode Seeking Generative Adversarial Networks for Diverse Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Mao_Mode_Seeking_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_for_Diverse_Image_Synthesis_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Pluralistic Image Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zheng_Pluralistic_Image_Completion_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Salient Object Detection With Pyramid Attention and Salient Edges
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Salient_Object_Detection_With_Pyramid_Attention_and_Salient_Edges_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Latent Filter Scaling for Multimodal Unsupervised Image-To-Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Alharbi_Latent_Filter_Scaling_for_Multimodal_Unsupervised_Image-To-Image_Translation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Attention-Aware Multi-Stroke Style Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yao_Attention-Aware_Multi-Stroke_Style_Transfer_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Feedback Adversarial Learning: Spatial Feedback for Improving Generative Adversarial Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Huh_Feedback_Adversarial_Learning_Spatial_Feedback_for_Improving_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Pyramid-Context Encoder Network for High-Quality Image Inpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zeng_Learning_Pyramid-Context_Encoder_Network_for_High-Quality_Image_Inpainting_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Example-Guided Style-Consistent Image Synthesis From Semantic Labeling
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Example-Guided_Style-Consistent_Image_Synthesis_From_Semantic_Labeling_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
MirrorGAN: Learning Text-To-Image Generation by Redescription
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Qiao_MirrorGAN_Learning_Text-To-Image_Generation_by_Redescription_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Light Field Messaging With Deep Photographic Steganography
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wengrowski_Light_Field_Messaging_With_Deep_Photographic_Steganography_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Im2Pencil: Controllable Pencil Illustration From Photographs
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Im2Pencil_Controllable_Pencil_Illustration_From_Photographs_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
When Color Constancy Goes Wrong: Correcting Improperly White-Balanced Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Afifi_When_Color_Constancy_Goes_Wrong_Correcting_Improperly_White-Balanced_Images_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Beyond Volumetric Albedo -- A Surface Optimization Framework for Non-Line-Of-Sight Imaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tsai_Beyond_Volumetric_Albedo_--_A_Surface_Optimization_Framework_for_Non-Line-Of-Sight_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Reflection Removal Using a Dual-Pixel Sensor
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Punnappurath_Reflection_Removal_Using_a_Dual-Pixel_Sensor_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Practical Coding Function Design for Time-Of-Flight Imaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gutierrez-Barragan_Practical_Coding_Function_Design_for_Time-Of-Flight_Imaging_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Meta-SR: A Magnification-Arbitrary Network for Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hu_Meta-SR_A_Magnification-Arbitrary_Network_for_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Multispectral and Hyperspectral Image Fusion by MS/HS Fusion Net
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xie_Multispectral_and_Hyperspectral_Image_Fusion_by_MSHS_Fusion_Net_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Attraction Field Representation for Robust Line Segment Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xue_Learning_Attraction_Field_Representation_for_Robust_Line_Segment_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Blind Super-Resolution With Iterative Kernel Correction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gu_Blind_Super-Resolution_With_Iterative_Kernel_Correction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Video Magnification in the Wild Using Fractional Anisotropy in Temporal Distribution
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Takeda_Video_Magnification_in_the_Wild_Using_Fractional_Anisotropy_in_Temporal_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Attentive Feedback Network for Boundary-Aware Salient Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Feng_Attentive_Feedback_Network_for_Boundary-Aware_Salient_Object_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Heavy Rain Image Restoration: Integrating Physics Model and Conditional Adversarial Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Heavy_Rain_Image_Restoration_Integrating_Physics_Model_and_Conditional_Adversarial_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Calibrate Straight Lines for Fisheye Image Rectification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xue_Learning_to_Calibrate_Straight_Lines_for_Fisheye_Image_Rectification_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Camera Lens Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Camera_Lens_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Frame-Consistent Recurrent Video Deraining With Dual-Level Flow
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yang_Frame-Consistent_Recurrent_Video_Deraining_With_Dual-Level_Flow_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Plug-And-Play Super-Resolution for Arbitrary Blur Kernels
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Deep_Plug-And-Play_Super-Resolution_for_Arbitrary_Blur_Kernels_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Sea-Thru: A Method for Removing Water From Underwater Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Akkaynak_Sea-Thru_A_Method_for_Removing_Water_From_Underwater_Images_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Network Interpolation for Continuous Imagery Effect Transition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Deep_Network_Interpolation_for_Continuous_Imagery_Effect_Transition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Spatially Variant Linear Representation Models for Joint Filtering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Pan_Spatially_Variant_Linear_Representation_Models_for_Joint_Filtering_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Toward Convolutional Blind Denoising of Real Photographs
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Guo_Toward_Convolutional_Blind_Denoising_of_Real_Photographs_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Towards Real Scene Super-Resolution With Raw Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xu_Towards_Real_Scene_Super-Resolution_With_Raw_Images_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
ODE-Inspired Network Design for Single Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/He_ODE-Inspired_Network_Design_for_Single_Image_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Blind Image Deblurring With Local Maximum Gradient Prior
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Blind_Image_Deblurring_With_Local_Maximum_Gradient_Prior_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Attention-Guided Network for Ghost-Free High Dynamic Range Imaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yan_Attention-Guided_Network_for_Ghost-Free_High_Dynamic_Range_Imaging_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Searching for a Robust Neural Architecture in Four GPU Hours
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Dong_Searching_for_a_Robust_Neural_Architecture_in_Four_GPU_Hours_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Hierarchy Denoising Recursive Autoencoders for 3D Scene Layout Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shi_Hierarchy_Denoising_Recursive_Autoencoders_for_3D_Scene_Layout_Prediction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Adaptively Connected Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Adaptively_Connected_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
CrDoCo: Pixel-Level Domain Transfer With Cross-Domain Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_CrDoCo_Pixel-Level_Domain_Transfer_With_Cross-Domain_Consistency_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Temporal Cycle-Consistency Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Dwibedi_Temporal_Cycle-Consistency_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Predicting Future Frames Using Retrospective Cycle GAN
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kwon_Predicting_Future_Frames_Using_Retrospective_Cycle_GAN_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Density Map Regression Guided Detection Network for RGB-D Crowd Counting and Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lian_Density_Map_Regression_Guided_Detection_Network_for_RGB-D_Crowd_Counting_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
TAFE-Net: Task-Aware Feature Embeddings for Low Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_TAFE-Net_Task-Aware_Feature_Embeddings_for_Low_Shot_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Semantic Segmentation From Synthetic Data: A Geometrically Guided Input-Output Adaptation Approach
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Learning_Semantic_Segmentation_From_Synthetic_Data_A_Geometrically_Guided_Input-Output_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Attentive Single-Tasking of Multiple Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Maninis_Attentive_Single-Tasking_of_Multiple_Tasks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Metric Learning to Rank
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Cakir_Deep_Metric_Learning_to_Rank_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
End-To-End Multi-Task Learning With Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_End-To-End_Multi-Task_Learning_With_Attention_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Learning via Conditional Motion Propagation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhan_Self-Supervised_Learning_via_Conditional_Motion_Propagation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Bridging Stereo Matching and Optical Flow via Spatiotemporal Correspondence
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lai_Bridging_Stereo_Matching_and_Optical_Flow_via_Spatiotemporal_Correspondence_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
All About Structure: Adapting Structural Information Across Domains for Boosting Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chang_All_About_Structure_Adapting_Structural_Information_Across_Domains_for_Boosting_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Iterative Reorganization With Weak Spatial Constraints: Solving Arbitrary Jigsaw Puzzles for Unsupervised Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wei_Iterative_Reorganization_With_Weak_Spatial_Constraints_Solving_Arbitrary_Jigsaw_Puzzles_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Revisiting Self-Supervised Visual Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kolesnikov_Revisiting_Self-Supervised_Visual_Representation_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
It's Not About the Journey; It's About the Destination: Following Soft Paths Under Question-Guidance for Visual Reasoning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Haurilet_Its_Not_About_the_Journey_Its_About_the_Destination_Following_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Actively Seeking and Learning From Live Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Teney_Actively_Seeking_and_Learning_From_Live_Data_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Improving Referring Expression Grounding With Cross-Modal Attention-Guided Erasing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Improving_Referring_Expression_Grounding_With_Cross-Modal_Attention-Guided_Erasing_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Neighbourhood Watch: Referring Expression Comprehension via Language-Guided Graph Attention Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Neighbourhood_Watch_Referring_Expression_Comprehension_via_Language-Guided_Graph_Attention_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Scene Graph Generation With External Knowledge and Image Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gu_Scene_Graph_Generation_With_External_Knowledge_and_Image_Reconstruction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Polysemous Visual-Semantic Embedding for Cross-Modal Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Song_Polysemous_Visual-Semantic_Embedding_for_Cross-Modal_Retrieval_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
MUREL: Multimodal Relational Reasoning for Visual Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Cadene_MUREL_Multimodal_Relational_Reasoning_for_Visual_Question_Answering_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Heterogeneous Memory Enhanced Multimodal Attention Model for Video Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Fan_Heterogeneous_Memory_Enhanced_Multimodal_Attention_Model_for_Video_Question_Answering_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Information Maximizing Visual Question Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Krishna_Information_Maximizing_Visual_Question_Generation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Detect Human-Object Interactions With Knowledge
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xu_Learning_to_Detect_Human-Object_Interactions_With_Knowledge_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Words by Drawing Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Suris_Learning_Words_by_Drawing_Images_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Factor Graph Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Schwartz_Factor_Graph_Attention_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Reducing Uncertainty in Undersampled MRI Reconstruction With Active Acquisition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Reducing_Uncertainty_in_Undersampled_MRI_Reconstruction_With_Active_Acquisition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
ESIR: End-To-End Scene Text Recognition via Iterative Image Rectification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhan_ESIR_End-To-End_Scene_Text_Recognition_via_Iterative_Image_Rectification_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
ROI-10D: Monocular Lifting of 2D Detection to 6D Pose and Metric Shape
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Manhardt_ROI-10D_Monocular_Lifting_of_2D_Detection_to_6D_Pose_and_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Collaborative Learning of Semi-Supervised Segmentation and Classification for Medical Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhou_Collaborative_Learning_of_Semi-Supervised_Segmentation_and_Classification_for_Medical_Images_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Biologically-Constrained Graphs for Global Connectomics Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Matejek_Biologically-Constrained_Graphs_for_Global_Connectomics_Reconstruction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
P3SGD: Patient Privacy Preserving SGD for Regularizing Deep CNNs in Pathological Image Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wu_P3SGD_Patient_Privacy_Preserving_SGD_for_Regularizing_Deep_CNNs_in_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Elastic Boundary Projection for 3D Medical Image Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ni_Elastic_Boundary_Projection_for_3D_Medical_Image_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
SIXray: A Large-Scale Security Inspection X-Ray Benchmark for Prohibited Item Discovery in Overlapping Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Miao_SIXray_A_Large-Scale_Security_Inspection_X-Ray_Benchmark_for_Prohibited_Item_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Noise2Void - Learning Denoising From Single Noisy Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Krull_Noise2Void_-_Learning_Denoising_From_Single_Noisy_Images_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Joint Discriminative and Generative Learning for Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zheng_Joint_Discriminative_and_Generative_Learning_for_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Person Re-Identification by Soft Multilabel Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yu_Unsupervised_Person_Re-Identification_by_Soft_Multilabel_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Context Graph for Person Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yan_Learning_Context_Graph_for_Person_Search_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Gradient Matching Generative Networks for Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Sariyildiz_Gradient_Matching_Generative_Networks_for_Zero-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Doodle to Search: Practical Zero-Shot Sketch-Based Image Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Dey_Doodle_to_Search_Practical_Zero-Shot_Sketch-Based_Image_Retrieval_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Zero-Shot Task Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Pal_Zero-Shot_Task_Transfer_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
C-MIL: Continuation Multiple Instance Learning for Weakly Supervised Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wan_C-MIL_Continuation_Multiple_Instance_Learning_for_Weakly_Supervised_Object_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Learning of Instance Segmentation With Inter-Pixel Relations
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ahn_Weakly_Supervised_Learning_of_Instance_Segmentation_With_Inter-Pixel_Relations_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Attention-Based Dropout Layer for Weakly Supervised Object Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Choe_Attention-Based_Dropout_Layer_for_Weakly_Supervised_Object_Localization_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Domain Generalization by Solving Jigsaw Puzzles
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Carlucci_Domain_Generalization_by_Solving_Jigsaw_Puzzles_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Transferrable Prototypical Networks for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Pan_Transferrable_Prototypical_Networks_for_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Blending-Target Domain Adaptation by Adversarial Meta-Adaptation Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Blending-Target_Domain_Adaptation_by_Adversarial_Meta-Adaptation_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
ELASTIC: Improving CNNs With Dynamic Scaling Policies
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_ELASTIC_Improving_CNNs_With_Dynamic_Scaling_Policies_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
ScratchDet: Training Single-Shot Object Detectors From Scratch
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhu_ScratchDet_Training_Single-Shot_Object_Detectors_From_Scratch_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
SFNet: Learning Object-Aware Semantic Correspondence
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lee_SFNet_Learning_Object-Aware_Semantic_Correspondence_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Metric Learning Beyond Binary Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kim_Deep_Metric_Learning_Beyond_Binary_Supervision_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Cluster Faces on an Affinity Graph
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yang_Learning_to_Cluster_Faces_on_an_Affinity_Graph_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
C2AE: Class Conditioned Auto-Encoder for Open-Set Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Oza_C2AE_Class_Conditioned_Auto-Encoder_for_Open-Set_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Shapes and Context: In-The-Wild Image Synthesis & Manipulation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Bansal_Shapes_and_Context_In-The-Wild_Image_Synthesis__Manipulation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Semantics Disentangling for Text-To-Image Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yin_Semantics_Disentangling_for_Text-To-Image_Generation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Semantic Image Synthesis With Spatially-Adaptive Normalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Park_Semantic_Image_Synthesis_With_Spatially-Adaptive_Normalization_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Progressive Pose Attention Transfer for Person Image Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhu_Progressive_Pose_Attention_Transfer_for_Person_Image_Generation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Person Image Generation With Semantic Parsing Transformation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Song_Unsupervised_Person_Image_Generation_With_Semantic_Parsing_Transformation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
DeepView: View Synthesis With Learned Gradient Descent
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Flynn_DeepView_View_Synthesis_With_Learned_Gradient_Descent_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Animating Arbitrary Objects via Deep Motion Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Siarohin_Animating_Arbitrary_Objects_via_Deep_Motion_Transfer_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Textured Neural Avatars
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shysheya_Textured_Neural_Avatars_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
IM-Net for High Resolution Video Frame Interpolation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Peleg_IM-Net_for_High_Resolution_Video_Frame_Interpolation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Homomorphic Latent Space Interpolation for Unpaired Image-To-Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Homomorphic_Latent_Space_Interpolation_for_Unpaired_Image-To-Image_Translation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Multi-Channel Attention Selection GAN With Cascaded Semantic Guidance for Cross-View Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tang_Multi-Channel_Attention_Selection_GAN_With_Cascaded_Semantic_Guidance_for_Cross-View_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Geometry-Consistent Generative Adversarial Networks for One-Sided Unsupervised Domain Mapping
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Fu_Geometry-Consistent_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_for_One-Sided_Unsupervised_Domain_Mapping_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
DeepVoxels: Learning Persistent 3D Feature Embeddings
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Sitzmann_DeepVoxels_Learning_Persistent_3D_Feature_Embeddings_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Inverse Path Tracing for Joint Material and Lighting Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Azinovic_Inverse_Path_Tracing_for_Joint_Material_and_Lighting_Estimation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
The Visual Centrifuge: Model-Free Layered Video Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Alayrac_The_Visual_Centrifuge_Model-Free_Layered_Video_Representations_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Label-Noise Robust Generative Adversarial Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kaneko_Label-Noise_Robust_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
DLOW: Domain Flow for Adaptation and Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gong_DLOW_Domain_Flow_for_Adaptation_and_Generalization_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
CollaGAN: Collaborative GAN for Missing Image Data Imputation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lee_CollaGAN_Collaborative_GAN_for_Missing_Image_Data_Imputation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
d-SNE: Domain Adaptation Using Stochastic Neighborhood Embedding
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xu_d-SNE_Domain_Adaptation_Using_Stochastic_Neighborhood_Embedding_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Taking a Closer Look at Domain Shift: Category-Level Adversaries for Semantics Consistent Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Luo_Taking_a_Closer_Look_at_Domain_Shift_Category-Level_Adversaries_for_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
ADVENT: Adversarial Entropy Minimization for Domain Adaptation in Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Vu_ADVENT_Adversarial_Entropy_Minimization_for_Domain_Adaptation_in_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
ContextDesc: Local Descriptor Augmentation With Cross-Modality Context
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Luo_ContextDesc_Local_Descriptor_Augmentation_With_Cross-Modality_Context_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Large-Scale Long-Tailed Recognition in an Open World
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Large-Scale_Long-Tailed_Recognition_in_an_Open_World_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
AET vs. AED: Unsupervised Representation Learning by Auto-Encoding Transformations Rather Than Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_AET_vs._AED_Unsupervised_Representation_Learning_by_Auto-Encoding_Transformations_Rather_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
SDC - Stacked Dilated Convolution: A Unified Descriptor Network for Dense Matching Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Schuster_SDC_-_Stacked_Dilated_Convolution_A_Unified_Descriptor_Network_for_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Correspondence From the Cycle-Consistency of Time
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Learning_Correspondence_From_the_Cycle-Consistency_of_Time_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
AE2-Nets: Autoencoder in Autoencoder Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_AE2-Nets_Autoencoder_in_Autoencoder_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Mitigating Information Leakage in Image Representations: A Maximum Entropy Approach
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Roy_Mitigating_Information_Leakage_in_Image_Representations_A_Maximum_Entropy_Approach_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Spatial Common Sense With Geometry-Aware Recurrent Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tung_Learning_Spatial_Common_Sense_With_Geometry-Aware_Recurrent_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Structured Knowledge Distillation for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Structured_Knowledge_Distillation_for_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Scan2CAD: Learning CAD Model Alignment in RGB-D Scans
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Avetisyan_Scan2CAD_Learning_CAD_Model_Alignment_in_RGB-D_Scans_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Towards Scene Understanding: Unsupervised Monocular Depth Estimation With Semantic-Aware Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Towards_Scene_Understanding_Unsupervised_Monocular_Depth_Estimation_With_Semantic-Aware_Representation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Tell Me Where I Am: Object-Level Scene Context Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Qiao_Tell_Me_Where_I_Am_Object-Level_Scene_Context_Prediction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Normalized Object Coordinate Space for Category-Level 6D Object Pose and Size Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Normalized_Object_Coordinate_Space_for_Category-Level_6D_Object_Pose_and_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Supervised Fitting of Geometric Primitives to 3D Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Supervised_Fitting_of_Geometric_Primitives_to_3D_Point_Clouds_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Do Better ImageNet Models Transfer Better?
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kornblith_Do_Better_ImageNet_Models_Transfer_Better_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Gotta Adapt 'Em All: Joint Pixel and Feature-Level Domain Adaptation for Recognition in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tran_Gotta_Adapt_Em_All_Joint_Pixel_and_Feature-Level_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Understanding the Disharmony Between Dropout and Batch Normalization by Variance Shift
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Understanding_the_Disharmony_Between_Dropout_and_Batch_Normalization_by_Variance_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Circulant Binary Convolutional Networks: Enhancing the Performance of 1-Bit DCNNs With Circulant Back Propagation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Circulant_Binary_Convolutional_Networks_Enhancing_the_Performance_of_1-Bit_DCNNs_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
DeFusionNET: Defocus Blur Detection via Recurrently Fusing and Refining Multi-Scale Deep Features
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tang_DeFusionNET_Defocus_Blur_Detection_via_Recurrently_Fusing_and_Refining_Multi-Scale_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Virtual Networks for Memory Efficient Inference of Multiple Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kim_Deep_Virtual_Networks_for_Memory_Efficient_Inference_of_Multiple_Tasks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Universal Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/You_Universal_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Improving Transferability of Adversarial Examples With Input Diversity
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xie_Improving_Transferability_of_Adversarial_Examples_With_Input_Diversity_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Sequence-To-Sequence Domain Adaptation Network for Robust Text Image Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Sequence-To-Sequence_Domain_Adaptation_Network_for_Robust_Text_Image_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Hybrid-Attention Based Decoupled Metric Learning for Zero-Shot Image Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Hybrid-Attention_Based_Decoupled_Metric_Learning_for_Zero-Shot_Image_Retrieval_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Sample
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Dovrat_Learning_to_Sample_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Learning via Saliency-Guided Hallucination of Samples
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Few-Shot_Learning_via_Saliency-Guided_Hallucination_of_Samples_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Variational Convolutional Neural Network Pruning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhao_Variational_Convolutional_Neural_Network_Pruning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Towards Optimal Structured CNN Pruning via Generative Adversarial Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lin_Towards_Optimal_Structured_CNN_Pruning_via_Generative_Adversarial_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Exploiting Kernel Sparsity and Entropy for Interpretable CNN Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Exploiting_Kernel_Sparsity_and_Entropy_for_Interpretable_CNN_Compression_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Fully Quantized Network for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Fully_Quantized_Network_for_Object_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
MnasNet: Platform-Aware Neural Architecture Search for Mobile
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tan_MnasNet_Platform-Aware_Neural_Architecture_Search_for_Mobile_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Student Becoming the Master: Knowledge Amalgamation for Joint Scene Parsing, Depth Estimation, and More
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ye_Student_Becoming_the_Master_Knowledge_Amalgamation_for_Joint_Scene_Parsing_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
K-Nearest Neighbors Hashing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/He_K-Nearest_Neighbors_Hashing_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning RoI Transformer for Oriented Object Detection in Aerial Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ding_Learning_RoI_Transformer_for_Oriented_Object_Detection_in_Aerial_Images_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Snapshot Distillation: Teacher-Student Optimization in One Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yang_Snapshot_Distillation_Teacher-Student_Optimization_in_One_Generation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Geometry-Aware Distillation for Indoor Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Jiao_Geometry-Aware_Distillation_for_Indoor_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
LiveSketch: Query Perturbations for Guided Sketch-Based Visual Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Collomosse_LiveSketch_Query_Perturbations_for_Guided_Sketch-Based_Visual_Search_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Bounding Box Regression With Uncertainty for Accurate Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/He_Bounding_Box_Regression_With_Uncertainty_for_Accurate_Object_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
OCGAN: One-Class Novelty Detection Using GANs With Constrained Latent Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Perera_OCGAN_One-Class_Novelty_Detection_Using_GANs_With_Constrained_Latent_Representations_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Metrics From Teachers: Compact Networks for Image Embedding
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yu_Learning_Metrics_From_Teachers_Compact_Networks_for_Image_Embedding_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Activity Driven Weakly Supervised Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yang_Activity_Driven_Weakly_Supervised_Object_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Separate to Adapt: Open Set Domain Adaptation via Progressive Separation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Separate_to_Adapt_Open_Set_Domain_Adaptation_via_Progressive_Separation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Layout-Graph Reasoning for Fashion Landmark Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yu_Layout-Graph_Reasoning_for_Fashion_Landmark_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
DistillHash: Unsupervised Deep Hashing by Distilling Data Pairs
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yang_DistillHash_Unsupervised_Deep_Hashing_by_Distilling_Data_Pairs_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Mind Your Neighbours: Image Annotation With Metadata Neighbourhood Graph Co-Attention Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Mind_Your_Neighbours_Image_Annotation_With_Metadata_Neighbourhood_Graph_Co-Attention_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Region Proposal by Guided Anchoring
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Region_Proposal_by_Guided_Anchoring_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Distant Supervised Centroid Shift: A Simple and Efficient Approach to Visual Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liang_Distant_Supervised_Centroid_Shift_A_Simple_and_Efficient_Approach_to_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Transfer Examples for Partial Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Cao_Learning_to_Transfer_Examples_for_Partial_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Generalized Zero-Shot Recognition Based on Visually Semantic Embedding
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhu_Generalized_Zero-Shot_Recognition_Based_on_Visually_Semantic_Embedding_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Towards Visual Feature Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hu_Towards_Visual_Feature_Translation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Amodal Instance Segmentation With KINS Dataset
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Qi_Amodal_Instance_Segmentation_With_KINS_Dataset_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Global Second-Order Pooling Convolutional Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gao_Global_Second-Order_Pooling_Convolutional_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Complementary Parts Models for Fine-Grained Image Classification From the Bottom Up
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ge_Weakly_Supervised_Complementary_Parts_Models_for_Fine-Grained_Image_Classification_From_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
NetTailor: Tuning the Architecture, Not Just the Weights
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Morgado_NetTailor_Tuning_the_Architecture_Not_Just_the_Weights_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning-Based Sampling for Natural Image Matting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tang_Learning-Based_Sampling_for_Natural_Image_Matting_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Unsupervised Video Object Segmentation Through Visual Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Learning_Unsupervised_Video_Object_Segmentation_Through_Visual_Attention_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
4D Spatio-Temporal ConvNets: Minkowski Convolutional Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Choy_4D_Spatio-Temporal_ConvNets_Minkowski_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Pyramid Feature Attention Network for Saliency Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhao_Pyramid_Feature_Attention_Network_for_Saliency_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Co-Saliency Detection via Mask-Guided Fully Convolutional Networks With Multi-Scale Label Smoothing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Co-Saliency_Detection_via_Mask-Guided_Fully_Convolutional_Networks_With_Multi-Scale_Label_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
SAIL-VOS: Semantic Amodal Instance Level Video Object Segmentation - A Synthetic Dataset and Baselines
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hu_SAIL-VOS_Semantic_Amodal_Instance_Level_Video_Object_Segmentation_-_A_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Instance Activation Maps for Weakly Supervised Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhu_Learning_Instance_Activation_Maps_for_Weakly_Supervised_Instance_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Decoders Matter for Semantic Segmentation: Data-Dependent Decoding Enables Flexible Feature Aggregation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tian_Decoders_Matter_for_Semantic_Segmentation_Data-Dependent_Decoding_Enables_Flexible_Feature_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Box-Driven Class-Wise Region Masking and Filling Rate Guided Loss for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Song_Box-Driven_Class-Wise_Region_Masking_and_Filling_Rate_Guided_Loss_for_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Dual Attention Network for Scene Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Fu_Dual_Attention_Network_for_Scene_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
InverseRenderNet: Learning Single Image Inverse Rendering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yu_InverseRenderNet_Learning_Single_Image_Inverse_Rendering_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Variational Auto-Encoder Model for Stochastic Point Processes
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Mehrasa_A_Variational_Auto-Encoder_Model_for_Stochastic_Point_Processes_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Unifying Heterogeneous Classifiers With Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Vongkulbhisal_Unifying_Heterogeneous_Classifiers_With_Distillation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Assessment of Faster R-CNN in Man-Machine Collaborative Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Deza_Assessment_of_Faster_R-CNN_in_Man-Machine_Collaborative_Search_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
OK-VQA: A Visual Question Answering Benchmark Requiring External Knowledge
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Marino_OK-VQA_A_Visual_Question_Answering_Benchmark_Requiring_External_Knowledge_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
NDDR-CNN: Layerwise Feature Fusing in Multi-Task CNNs by Neural Discriminative Dimensionality Reduction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gao_NDDR-CNN_Layerwise_Feature_Fusing_in_Multi-Task_CNNs_by_Neural_Discriminative_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Spectral Metric for Dataset Complexity Assessment
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Branchaud-Charron_Spectral_Metric_for_Dataset_Complexity_Assessment_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
ADCrowdNet: An Attention-Injective Deformable Convolutional Network for Crowd Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_ADCrowdNet_An_Attention-Injective_Deformable_Convolutional_Network_for_Crowd_Understanding_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
VERI-Wild: A Large Dataset and a New Method for Vehicle Re-Identification in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lou_VERI-Wild_A_Large_Dataset_and_a_New_Method_for_Vehicle_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
3D Local Features for Direct Pairwise Registration
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Deng_3D_Local_Features_for_Direct_Pairwise_Registration_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
HPLFlowNet: Hierarchical Permutohedral Lattice FlowNet for Scene Flow Estimation on Large-Scale Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gu_HPLFlowNet_Hierarchical_Permutohedral_Lattice_FlowNet_for_Scene_Flow_Estimation_on_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
GPSfM: Global Projective SFM Using Algebraic Constraints on Multi-View Fundamental Matrices
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kasten_GPSfM_Global_Projective_SFM_Using_Algebraic_Constraints_on_Multi-View_Fundamental_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Group-Wise Correlation Stereo Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Guo_Group-Wise_Correlation_Stereo_Network_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Multi-Level Context Ultra-Aggregation for Stereo Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Nie_Multi-Level_Context_Ultra-Aggregation_for_Stereo_Matching_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Large-Scale, Metric Structure From Motion for Unordered Light Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Nousias_Large-Scale_Metric_Structure_From_Motion_for_Unordered_Light_Fields_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Understanding the Limitations of CNN-Based Absolute Camera Pose Regression
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Sattler_Understanding_the_Limitations_of_CNN-Based_Absolute_Camera_Pose_Regression_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
DeepLiDAR: Deep Surface Normal Guided Depth Prediction for Outdoor Scene From Sparse LiDAR Data and Single Color Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Qiu_DeepLiDAR_Deep_Surface_Normal_Guided_Depth_Prediction_for_Outdoor_Scene_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Modeling Point Clouds With Self-Attention and Gumbel Subset Sampling
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yang_Modeling_Point_Clouds_With_Self-Attention_and_Gumbel_Subset_Sampling_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning With Batch-Wise Optimal Transport Loss for 3D Shape Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xu_Learning_With_Batch-Wise_Optimal_Transport_Loss_for_3D_Shape_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
DenseFusion: 6D Object Pose Estimation by Iterative Dense Fusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_DenseFusion_6D_Object_Pose_Estimation_by_Iterative_Dense_Fusion_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Dense Depth Posterior (DDP) From Single Image and Sparse Range
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yang_Dense_Depth_Posterior_DDP_From_Single_Image_and_Sparse_Range_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
DuLa-Net: A Dual-Projection Network for Estimating Room Layouts From a Single RGB Panorama
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yang_DuLa-Net_A_Dual-Projection_Network_for_Estimating_Room_Layouts_From_a_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Veritatem Dies Aperit - Temporally Consistent Depth Prediction Enabled by a Multi-Task Geometric and Semantic Scene Understanding Approach
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Atapour-Abarghouei_Veritatem_Dies_Aperit_-_Temporally_Consistent_Depth_Prediction_Enabled_by_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Segmentation-Driven 6D Object Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hu_Segmentation-Driven_6D_Object_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Exploiting Temporal Context for 3D Human Pose Estimation in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Arnab_Exploiting_Temporal_Context_for_3D_Human_Pose_Estimation_in_the_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
What Do Single-View 3D Reconstruction Networks Learn?
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tatarchenko_What_Do_Single-View_3D_Reconstruction_Networks_Learn_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
UniformFace: Learning Deep Equidistributed Representation for Face Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Duan_UniformFace_Learning_Deep_Equidistributed_Representation_for_Face_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Semantic Graph Convolutional Networks for 3D Human Pose Regression
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhao_Semantic_Graph_Convolutional_Networks_for_3D_Human_Pose_Regression_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Mask-Guided Portrait Editing With Conditional GANs
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gu_Mask-Guided_Portrait_Editing_With_Conditional_GANs_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Group Sampling for Scale Invariant Face Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ming_Group_Sampling_for_Scale_Invariant_Face_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Joint Representation and Estimator Learning for Facial Action Unit Intensity Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Joint_Representation_and_Estimator_Learning_for_Facial_Action_Unit_Intensity_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Semantic Alignment: Finding Semantically Consistent Ground-Truth for Facial Landmark Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Semantic_Alignment_Finding_Semantically_Consistent_Ground-Truth_for_Facial_Landmark_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
LAEO-Net: Revisiting People Looking at Each Other in Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Marin-Jimenez_LAEO-Net_Revisiting_People_Looking_at_Each_Other_in_Videos_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Robust Facial Landmark Detection via Occlusion-Adaptive Deep Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhu_Robust_Facial_Landmark_Detection_via_Occlusion-Adaptive_Deep_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Individual Styles of Conversational Gesture
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ginosar_Learning_Individual_Styles_of_Conversational_Gesture_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Face Anti-Spoofing: Model Matters, so Does Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yang_Face_Anti-Spoofing_Model_Matters_so_Does_Data_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Fast Human Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Fast_Human_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Decorrelated Adversarial Learning for Age-Invariant Face Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Decorrelated_Adversarial_Learning_for_Age-Invariant_Face_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Cross-Task Weakly Supervised Learning From Instructional Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhukov_Cross-Task_Weakly_Supervised_Learning_From_Instructional_Videos_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
D3TW: Discriminative Differentiable Dynamic Time Warping for Weakly Supervised Action Alignment and Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chang_D3TW_Discriminative_Differentiable_Dynamic_Time_Warping_for_Weakly_Supervised_Action_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Progressive Teacher-Student Learning for Early Action Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Progressive_Teacher-Student_Learning_for_Early_Action_Prediction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Social Relation Recognition From Videos via Multi-Scale Spatial-Temporal Reasoning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Social_Relation_Recognition_From_Videos_via_Multi-Scale_Spatial-Temporal_Reasoning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
MS-TCN: Multi-Stage Temporal Convolutional Network for Action Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Abu_Farha_MS-TCN_Multi-Stage_Temporal_Convolutional_Network_for_Action_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Transferable Interactiveness Knowledge for Human-Object Interaction Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Transferable_Interactiveness_Knowledge_for_Human-Object_Interaction_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Actional-Structural Graph Convolutional Networks for Skeleton-Based Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Actional-Structural_Graph_Convolutional_Networks_for_Skeleton-Based_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Multi-Granularity Generator for Temporal Action Proposal
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Multi-Granularity_Generator_for_Temporal_Action_Proposal_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Rigid Instance Scene Flow
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ma_Deep_Rigid_Instance_Scene_Flow_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
See More, Know More: Unsupervised Video Object Segmentation With Co-Attention Siamese Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lu_See_More_Know_More_Unsupervised_Video_Object_Segmentation_With_Co-Attention_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Patch-Based Discriminative Feature Learning for Unsupervised Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yang_Patch-Based_Discriminative_Feature_Learning_for_Unsupervised_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
SPM-Tracker: Series-Parallel Matching for Real-Time Visual Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_SPM-Tracker_Series-Parallel_Matching_for_Real-Time_Visual_Object_Tracking_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Spatial Fusion GAN for Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhan_Spatial_Fusion_GAN_for_Image_Synthesis_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Text Guided Person Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhou_Text_Guided_Person_Image_Synthesis_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
STGAN: A Unified Selective Transfer Network for Arbitrary Image Attribute Editing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_STGAN_A_Unified_Selective_Transfer_Network_for_Arbitrary_Image_Attribute_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Towards Instance-Level Image-To-Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shen_Towards_Instance-Level_Image-To-Image_Translation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Dense Intrinsic Appearance Flow for Human Pose Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Dense_Intrinsic_Appearance_Flow_for_Human_Pose_Transfer_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Depth-Aware Video Frame Interpolation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Bao_Depth-Aware_Video_Frame_Interpolation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Sliced Wasserstein Generative Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wu_Sliced_Wasserstein_Generative_Models_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Flow-Guided Video Inpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xu_Deep_Flow-Guided_Video_Inpainting_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Video Generation From Single Semantic Label Map
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Pan_Video_Generation_From_Single_Semantic_Label_Map_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Polarimetric Camera Calibration Using an LCD Monitor
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Polarimetric_Camera_Calibration_Using_an_LCD_Monitor_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Fully Automatic Video Colorization With Self-Regularization and Diversity
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lei_Fully_Automatic_Video_Colorization_With_Self-Regularization_and_Diversity_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Zoom to Learn, Learn to Zoom
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Zoom_to_Learn_Learn_to_Zoom_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Single Image Reflection Removal Beyond Linearity
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wen_Single_Image_Reflection_Removal_Beyond_Linearity_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Separate Multiple Illuminants in a Single Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hui_Learning_to_Separate_Multiple_Illuminants_in_a_Single_Image_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Shape Unicode: A Unified Shape Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Muralikrishnan_Shape_Unicode_A_Unified_Shape_Representation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Robust Video Stabilization by Optimization in CNN Weight Space
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yu_Robust_Video_Stabilization_by_Optimization_in_CNN_Weight_Space_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Linear Transformations for Fast Image and Video Style Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Learning_Linear_Transformations_for_Fast_Image_and_Video_Style_Transfer_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Local Detection of Stereo Occlusion Boundaries
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Local_Detection_of_Stereo_Occlusion_Boundaries_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Bi-Directional Cascade Network for Perceptual Edge Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/He_Bi-Directional_Cascade_Network_for_Perceptual_Edge_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Single Image Deraining: A Comprehensive Benchmark Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Single_Image_Deraining_A_Comprehensive_Benchmark_Analysis_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Dynamic Scene Deblurring With Parameter Selective Sharing and Nested Skip Connections
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gao_Dynamic_Scene_Deblurring_With_Parameter_Selective_Sharing_and_Nested_Skip_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Events-To-Video: Bringing Modern Computer Vision to Event Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Rebecq_Events-To-Video_Bringing_Modern_Computer_Vision_to_Event_Cameras_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Feedback Network for Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Feedback_Network_for_Image_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised Transfer Learning for Image Rain Removal
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wei_Semi-Supervised_Transfer_Learning_for_Image_Rain_Removal_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
EventNet: Asynchronous Recursive Event Processing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Sekikawa_EventNet_Asynchronous_Recursive_Event_Processing_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Recurrent Back-Projection Network for Video Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Haris_Recurrent_Back-Projection_Network_for_Video_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Cascaded Partial Decoder for Fast and Accurate Salient Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wu_Cascaded_Partial_Decoder_for_Fast_and_Accurate_Salient_Object_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Simple Pooling-Based Design for Real-Time Salient Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_A_Simple_Pooling-Based_Design_for_Real-Time_Salient_Object_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Contrast Prior and Fluid Pyramid Integration for RGBD Salient Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhao_Contrast_Prior_and_Fluid_Pyramid_Integration_for_RGBD_Salient_Object_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Progressive Image Deraining Networks: A Better and Simpler Baseline
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ren_Progressive_Image_Deraining_Networks_A_Better_and_Simpler_Baseline_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
GSPN: Generative Shape Proposal Network for 3D Instance Segmentation in Point Cloud
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yi_GSPN_Generative_Shape_Proposal_Network_for_3D_Instance_Segmentation_in_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Attentive Relational Networks for Mapping Images to Scene Graphs
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Qi_Attentive_Relational_Networks_for_Mapping_Images_to_Scene_Graphs_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Relational Knowledge Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Park_Relational_Knowledge_Distillation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Compressing Convolutional Neural Networks via Factorized Convolutional Filters
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Compressing_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_via_Factorized_Convolutional_Filters_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
On the Intrinsic Dimensionality of Image Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gong_On_the_Intrinsic_Dimensionality_of_Image_Representations_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Part-Regularized Near-Duplicate Vehicle Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/He_Part-Regularized_Near-Duplicate_Vehicle_Re-Identification_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Spatio-Temporal Representation Learning for Videos by Predicting Motion and Appearance Statistics
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Self-Supervised_Spatio-Temporal_Representation_Learning_for_Videos_by_Predicting_Motion_and_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Classification-Reconstruction Learning for Open-Set Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yoshihashi_Classification-Reconstruction_Learning_for_Open-Set_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Emotion-Aware Human Attention Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Cordel_Emotion-Aware_Human_Attention_Prediction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Residual Regression With Semantic Prior for Crowd Counting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wan_Residual_Regression_With_Semantic_Prior_for_Crowd_Counting_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Context-Reinforced Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhou_Context-Reinforced_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Adversarial Structure Matching for Structured Prediction Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hwang_Adversarial_Structure_Matching_for_Structured_Prediction_Tasks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Spectral Clustering Using Dual Autoencoder Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yang_Deep_Spectral_Clustering_Using_Dual_Autoencoder_Network_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Asymmetric Metric Learning via Rich Relationship Mining
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xu_Deep_Asymmetric_Metric_Learning_via_Rich_Relationship_Mining_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Did It Change? Learning to Detect Point-Of-Interest Changes for Proactive Map Updates
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Revaud_Did_It_Change_Learning_to_Detect_Point-Of-Interest_Changes_for_Proactive_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Associatively Segmenting Instances and Semantics in Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Associatively_Segmenting_Instances_and_Semantics_in_Point_Clouds_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Pattern-Affinitive Propagation Across Depth, Surface Normal and Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Pattern-Affinitive_Propagation_Across_Depth_Surface_Normal_and_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Scene Categorization From Contours: Medial Axis Based Salience Measures
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Rezanejad_Scene_Categorization_From_Contours_Medial_Axis_Based_Salience_Measures_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Image Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Feng_Unsupervised_Image_Captioning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Exact Adversarial Attack to Image Captioning via Structured Output Learning With Latent Variables
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xu_Exact_Adversarial_Attack_to_Image_Captioning_via_Structured_Output_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Cross-Modal Relationship Inference for Grounding Referring Expressions
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yang_Cross-Modal_Relationship_Inference_for_Grounding_Referring_Expressions_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
What's to Know? Uncertainty as a Guide to Asking Goal-Oriented Questions
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Abbasnejad_Whats_to_Know_Uncertainty_as_a_Guide_to_Asking_Goal-Oriented_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Iterative Alignment Network for Continuous Sign Language Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Pu_Iterative_Alignment_Network_for_Continuous_Sign_Language_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Neural Sequential Phrase Grounding (SeqGROUND)
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Dogan_Neural_Sequential_Phrase_Grounding_SeqGROUND_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
CLEVR-Ref+: Diagnosing Visual Reasoning With Referring Expressions
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_CLEVR-Ref_Diagnosing_Visual_Reasoning_With_Referring_Expressions_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Describing Like Humans: On Diversity in Image Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Describing_Like_Humans_On_Diversity_in_Image_Captioning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
MSCap: Multi-Style Image Captioning With Unpaired Stylized Text
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Guo_MSCap_Multi-Style_Image_Captioning_With_Unpaired_Stylized_Text_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
CRAVES: Controlling Robotic Arm With a Vision-Based Economic System
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zuo_CRAVES_Controlling_Robotic_Arm_With_a_Vision-Based_Economic_System_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Networks for Joint Affine and Non-Parametric Image Registration
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shen_Networks_for_Joint_Affine_and_Non-Parametric_Image_Registration_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Shape-Aware Embedding for Scene Text Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tian_Learning_Shape-Aware_Embedding_for_Scene_Text_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Film From Professional Human Motion Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Huang_Learning_to_Film_From_Professional_Human_Motion_Videos_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Pay Attention! - Robustifying a Deep Visuomotor Policy Through Task-Focused Visual Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Abolghasemi_Pay_Attention_-_Robustifying_a_Deep_Visuomotor_Policy_Through_Task-Focused_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Blind Video Decaptioning by Temporal Aggregation and Recurrence
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kim_Deep_Blind_Video_Decaptioning_by_Temporal_Aggregation_and_Recurrence_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Video Representations From Correspondence Proposals
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Learning_Video_Representations_From_Correspondence_Proposals_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
SiamRPN++: Evolution of Siamese Visual Tracking With Very Deep Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_SiamRPN_Evolution_of_Siamese_Visual_Tracking_With_Very_Deep_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Sphere Generative Adversarial Network Based on Geometric Moment Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Park_Sphere_Generative_Adversarial_Network_Based_on_Geometric_Moment_Matching_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Adversarial Attacks Beyond the Image Space
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zeng_Adversarial_Attacks_Beyond_the_Image_Space_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Evading Defenses to Transferable Adversarial Examples by Translation-Invariant Attacks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Dong_Evading_Defenses_to_Transferable_Adversarial_Examples_by_Translation-Invariant_Attacks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Decoupling Direction and Norm for Efficient Gradient-Based L2 Adversarial Attacks and Defenses
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Rony_Decoupling_Direction_and_Norm_for_Efficient_Gradient-Based_L2_Adversarial_Attacks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A General and Adaptive Robust Loss Function
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Barron_A_General_and_Adaptive_Robust_Loss_Function_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Filter Pruning via Geometric Median for Deep Convolutional Neural Networks Acceleration
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/He_Filter_Pruning_via_Geometric_Median_for_Deep_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Quantize Deep Networks by Optimizing Quantization Intervals With Task Loss
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Jung_Learning_to_Quantize_Deep_Networks_by_Optimizing_Quantization_Intervals_With_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Not All Areas Are Equal: Transfer Learning for Semantic Segmentation via Hierarchical Region Selection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Sun_Not_All_Areas_Are_Equal_Transfer_Learning_for_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Learning of Dense Shape Correspondence
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Halimi_Unsupervised_Learning_of_Dense_Shape_Correspondence_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Visual Domain Adaptation: A Deep Max-Margin Gaussian Process Approach
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kim_Unsupervised_Visual_Domain_Adaptation_A_Deep_Max-Margin_Gaussian_Process_Approach_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Balanced Self-Paced Learning for Generative Adversarial Clustering Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ghasedi_Balanced_Self-Paced_Learning_for_Generative_Adversarial_Clustering_Network_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Style-Based Generator Architecture for Generative Adversarial Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Karras_A_Style-Based_Generator_Architecture_for_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Parallel Optimal Transport GAN
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Avraham_Parallel_Optimal_Transport_GAN_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
3D-SIS: 3D Semantic Instance Segmentation of RGB-D Scans
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hou_3D-SIS_3D_Semantic_Instance_Segmentation_of_RGB-D_Scans_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Causes and Corrections for Bimodal Multi-Path Scanning With Structured Light
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Causes_and_Corrections_for_Bimodal_Multi-Path_Scanning_With_Structured_Light_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
TextureNet: Consistent Local Parametrizations for Learning From High-Resolution Signals on Meshes
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Huang_TextureNet_Consistent_Local_Parametrizations_for_Learning_From_High-Resolution_Signals_on_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
PlaneRCNN: 3D Plane Detection and Reconstruction From a Single Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_PlaneRCNN_3D_Plane_Detection_and_Reconstruction_From_a_Single_Image_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Occupancy Networks: Learning 3D Reconstruction in Function Space
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Mescheder_Occupancy_Networks_Learning_3D_Reconstruction_in_Function_Space_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
3D Shape Reconstruction From Images in the Frequency Domain
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shen_3D_Shape_Reconstruction_From_Images_in_the_Frequency_Domain_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
SiCloPe: Silhouette-Based Clothed People
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Natsume_SiCloPe_Silhouette-Based_Clothed_People_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Detailed Human Shape Estimation From a Single Image by Hierarchical Mesh Deformation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhu_Detailed_Human_Shape_Estimation_From_a_Single_Image_by_Hierarchical_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Convolutional Mesh Regression for Single-Image Human Shape Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kolotouros_Convolutional_Mesh_Regression_for_Single-Image_Human_Shape_Reconstruction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
H+O: Unified Egocentric Recognition of 3D Hand-Object Poses and Interactions
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tekin_HO_Unified_Egocentric_Recognition_of_3D_Hand-Object_Poses_and_Interactions_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning the Depths of Moving People by Watching Frozen People
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Learning_the_Depths_of_Moving_People_by_Watching_Frozen_People_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Extreme Relative Pose Estimation for RGB-D Scans via Scene Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yang_Extreme_Relative_Pose_Estimation_for_RGB-D_Scans_via_Scene_Completion_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Skeleton-Bridged Deep Learning Approach for Generating Meshes of Complex Topologies From Single RGB Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tang_A_Skeleton-Bridged_Deep_Learning_Approach_for_Generating_Meshes_of_Complex_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Structure-And-Motion-Aware Rolling Shutter Correction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhuang_Learning_Structure-And-Motion-Aware_Rolling_Shutter_Correction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
PVNet: Pixel-Wise Voting Network for 6DoF Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Peng_PVNet_Pixel-Wise_Voting_Network_for_6DoF_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
SelFlow: Self-Supervised Learning of Optical Flow
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_SelFlow_Self-Supervised_Learning_of_Optical_Flow_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Taking a Deeper Look at the Inverse Compositional Algorithm
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lv_Taking_a_Deeper_Look_at_the_Inverse_Compositional_Algorithm_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deeper and Wider Siamese Networks for Real-Time Visual Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Deeper_and_Wider_Siamese_Networks_for_Real-Time_Visual_Tracking_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Adaptation of High-Fidelity Face Models for Monocular Performance Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yoon_Self-Supervised_Adaptation_of_High-Fidelity_Face_Models_for_Monocular_Performance_Tracking_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Diverse Generation for Multi-Agent Sports Games
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yeh_Diverse_Generation_for_Multi-Agent_Sports_Games_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Efficient Online Multi-Person 2D Pose Tracking With Recurrent Spatio-Temporal Affinity Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Raaj_Efficient_Online_Multi-Person_2D_Pose_Tracking_With_Recurrent_Spatio-Temporal_Affinity_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
GFrames: Gradient-Based Local Reference Frame for 3D Shape Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Melzi_GFrames_Gradient-Based_Local_Reference_Frame_for_3D_Shape_Matching_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Eliminating Exposure Bias and Metric Mismatch in Multiple Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Maksai_Eliminating_Exposure_Bias_and_Metric_Mismatch_in_Multiple_Object_Tracking_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Graph Convolutional Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gao_Graph_Convolutional_Tracking_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
ATOM: Accurate Tracking by Overlap Maximization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Danelljan_ATOM_Accurate_Tracking_by_Overlap_Maximization_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Visual Tracking via Adaptive Spatially-Regularized Correlation Filters
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Dai_Visual_Tracking_via_Adaptive_Spatially-Regularized_Correlation_Filters_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Tree Learning for Zero-Shot Face Anti-Spoofing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Deep_Tree_Learning_for_Zero-Shot_Face_Anti-Spoofing_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
ArcFace: Additive Angular Margin Loss for Deep Face Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Deng_ArcFace_Additive_Angular_Margin_Loss_for_Deep_Face_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Joint Gait Representation via Quintuplet Loss Minimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Learning_Joint_Gait_Representation_via_Quintuplet_Loss_Minimization_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Gait Recognition via Disentangled Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Gait_Recognition_via_Disentangled_Representation_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Reversible GANs for Memory-Efficient Image-To-Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/van_der_Ouderaa_Reversible_GANs_for_Memory-Efficient_Image-To-Image_Translation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Sensitive-Sample Fingerprinting of Deep Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/He_Sensitive-Sample_Fingerprinting_of_Deep_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Soft Labels for Ordinal Regression
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Diaz_Soft_Labels_for_Ordinal_Regression_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Local to Global Learning: Gradually Adding Classes for Training Deep Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Cheng_Local_to_Global_Learning_Gradually_Adding_Classes_for_Training_Deep_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
What Does It Mean to Learn in Deep Networks? And, How Does One Detect Adversarial Attacks?
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Corneanu_What_Does_It_Mean_to_Learn_in_Deep_Networks_And_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Handwriting Recognition in Low-Resource Scripts Using Adversarial Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Bhunia_Handwriting_Recognition_in_Low-Resource_Scripts_Using_Adversarial_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Adversarial Defense Through Network Profiling Based Path Extraction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Qiu_Adversarial_Defense_Through_Network_Profiling_Based_Path_Extraction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
RENAS: Reinforced Evolutionary Neural Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_RENAS_Reinforced_Evolutionary_Neural_Architecture_Search_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Co-Occurrence Neural Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shevlev_Co-Occurrence_Neural_Network_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
SpotTune: Transfer Learning Through Adaptive Fine-Tuning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Guo_SpotTune_Transfer_Learning_Through_Adaptive_Fine-Tuning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Signal-To-Noise Ratio: A Robust Distance Metric for Deep Metric Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yuan_Signal-To-Noise_Ratio_A_Robust_Distance_Metric_for_Deep_Metric_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Detection Based Defense Against Adversarial Examples From the Steganalysis Point of View
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Detection_Based_Defense_Against_Adversarial_Examples_From_the_Steganalysis_Point_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
HetConv: Heterogeneous Kernel-Based Convolutions for Deep CNNs
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Singh_HetConv_Heterogeneous_Kernel-Based_Convolutions_for_Deep_CNNs_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Strike (With) a Pose: Neural Networks Are Easily Fooled by Strange Poses of Familiar Objects
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Alcorn_Strike_With_a_Pose_Neural_Networks_Are_Easily_Fooled_by_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Blind Geometric Distortion Correction on Images Through Deep Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Blind_Geometric_Distortion_Correction_on_Images_Through_Deep_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Instance-Level Meta Normalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Jia_Instance-Level_Meta_Normalization_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Iterative Normalization: Beyond Standardization Towards Efficient Whitening
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Huang_Iterative_Normalization_Beyond_Standardization_Towards_Efficient_Whitening_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
On Learning Density Aware Embeddings
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ghosh_On_Learning_Density_Aware_Embeddings_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Contrastive Adaptation Network for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kang_Contrastive_Adaptation_Network_for_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
LP-3DCNN: Unveiling Local Phase in 3D Convolutional Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kumawat_LP-3DCNN_Unveiling_Local_Phase_in_3D_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Attribute-Driven Feature Disentangling and Temporal Aggregation for Video Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhao_Attribute-Driven_Feature_Disentangling_and_Temporal_Aggregation_for_Video_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Binary Ensemble Neural Network: More Bits per Network or More Networks per Bit?
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhu_Binary_Ensemble_Neural_Network_More_Bits_per_Network_or_More_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Distilling Object Detectors With Fine-Grained Feature Imitation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Distilling_Object_Detectors_With_Fine-Grained_Feature_Imitation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Centripetal SGD for Pruning Very Deep Convolutional Networks With Complicated Structure
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ding_Centripetal_SGD_for_Pruning_Very_Deep_Convolutional_Networks_With_Complicated_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Knockoff Nets: Stealing Functionality of Black-Box Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Orekondy_Knockoff_Nets_Stealing_Functionality_of_Black-Box_Models_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Embedding Learning With Discriminative Sampling Policy
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Duan_Deep_Embedding_Learning_With_Discriminative_Sampling_Policy_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Hybrid Task Cascade for Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Hybrid_Task_Cascade_for_Instance_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Multi-Task Self-Supervised Object Detection via Recycling of Bounding Box Annotations
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lee_Multi-Task_Self-Supervised_Object_Detection_via_Recycling_of_Bounding_Box_Annotations_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
ClusterNet: Deep Hierarchical Cluster Network With Rigorously Rotation-Invariant Representation for Point Cloud Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_ClusterNet_Deep_Hierarchical_Cluster_Network_With_Rigorously_Rotation-Invariant_Representation_for_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Learn Relation for Important People Detection in Still Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Learning_to_Learn_Relation_for_Important_People_Detection_in_Still_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Looking for the Devil in the Details: Learning Trilinear Attention Sampling Network for Fine-Grained Image Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zheng_Looking_for_the_Devil_in_the_Details_Learning_Trilinear_Attention_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Multi-Similarity Loss With General Pair Weighting for Deep Metric Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Multi-Similarity_Loss_With_General_Pair_Weighting_for_Deep_Metric_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Domain-Symmetric Networks for Adversarial Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Domain-Symmetric_Networks_for_Adversarial_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
End-To-End Supervised Product Quantization for Image Search and Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Klein_End-To-End_Supervised_Product_Quantization_for_Image_Search_and_Retrieval_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Learn From Noisy Labeled Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Learning_to_Learn_From_Noisy_Labeled_Data_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
DSFD: Dual Shot Face Detector
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_DSFD_Dual_Shot_Face_Detector_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Label Propagation for Deep Semi-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Iscen_Label_Propagation_for_Deep_Semi-Supervised_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Global Generalized Gaussian Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Deep_Global_Generalized_Gaussian_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Semantically Tied Paired Cycle Consistency for Zero-Shot Sketch-Based Image Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Dutta_Semantically_Tied_Paired_Cycle_Consistency_for_Zero-Shot_Sketch-Based_Image_Retrieval_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Context-Aware Crowd Counting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Context-Aware_Crowd_Counting_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Detect-To-Retrieve: Efficient Regional Aggregation for Image Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Teichmann_Detect-To-Retrieve_Efficient_Regional_Aggregation_for_Image_Search_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Towards Accurate One-Stage Object Detection With AP-Loss
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Towards_Accurate_One-Stage_Object_Detection_With_AP-Loss_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
On Exploring Undetermined Relationships for Visual Relationship Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhan_On_Exploring_Undetermined_Relationships_for_Visual_Relationship_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Without Memorizing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Dhar_Learning_Without_Memorizing_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Dynamic Recursive Neural Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Guo_Dynamic_Recursive_Neural_Network_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Destruction and Construction Learning for Fine-Grained Image Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Destruction_and_Construction_Learning_for_Fine-Grained_Image_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Distraction-Aware Shadow Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zheng_Distraction-Aware_Shadow_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Multi-Label Image Recognition With Graph Convolutional Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Multi-Label_Image_Recognition_With_Graph_Convolutional_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
High-Level Semantic Feature Detection: A New Perspective for Pedestrian Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_High-Level_Semantic_Feature_Detection_A_New_Perspective_for_Pedestrian_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
RepMet: Representative-Based Metric Learning for Classification and Few-Shot Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Karlinsky_RepMet_Representative-Based_Metric_Learning_for_Classification_and_Few-Shot_Object_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Ranked List Loss for Deep Metric Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Ranked_List_Loss_for_Deep_Metric_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
CANet: Class-Agnostic Segmentation Networks With Iterative Refinement and Attentive Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_CANet_Class-Agnostic_Segmentation_Networks_With_Iterative_Refinement_and_Attentive_Few-Shot_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Precise Detection in Densely Packed Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Goldman_Precise_Detection_in_Densely_Packed_Scenes_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
KE-GAN: Knowledge Embedded Generative Adversarial Networks for Semi-Supervised Scene Parsing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Qi_KE-GAN_Knowledge_Embedded_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_for_Semi-Supervised_Scene_Parsing_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Fast User-Guided Video Object Segmentation by Interaction-And-Propagation Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Oh_Fast_User-Guided_Video_Object_Segmentation_by_Interaction-And-Propagation_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Fast Interactive Object Annotation With Curve-GCN
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ling_Fast_Interactive_Object_Annotation_With_Curve-GCN_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
FickleNet: Weakly and Semi-Supervised Semantic Image Segmentation Using Stochastic Inference
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lee_FickleNet_Weakly_and_Semi-Supervised_Semantic_Image_Segmentation_Using_Stochastic_Inference_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
RVOS: End-To-End Recurrent Network for Video Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ventura_RVOS_End-To-End_Recurrent_Network_for_Video_Object_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
DeepFlux for Skeletons in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_DeepFlux_for_Skeletons_in_the_Wild_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Interactive Image Segmentation via Backpropagating Refinement Scheme
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Jang_Interactive_Image_Segmentation_via_Backpropagating_Refinement_Scheme_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Scene Parsing via Integrated Classification Model and Variance-Based Regularization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shi_Scene_Parsing_via_Integrated_Classification_Model_and_Variance-Based_Regularization_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
RAVEN: A Dataset for Relational and Analogical Visual REasoNing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_RAVEN_A_Dataset_for_Relational_and_Analogical_Visual_REasoNing_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Surface Reconstruction From Normals: A Robust DGP-Based Discontinuity Preservation Approach
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xie_Surface_Reconstruction_From_Normals_A_Robust_DGP-Based_Discontinuity_Preservation_Approach_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
DeepFashion2: A Versatile Benchmark for Detection, Pose Estimation, Segmentation and Re-Identification of Clothing Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ge_DeepFashion2_A_Versatile_Benchmark_for_Detection_Pose_Estimation_Segmentation_and_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Jumping Manifolds: Geometry Aware Dense Non-Rigid Structure From Motion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kumar_Jumping_Manifolds_Geometry_Aware_Dense_Non-Rigid_Structure_From_Motion_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
LVIS: A Dataset for Large Vocabulary Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gupta_LVIS_A_Dataset_for_Large_Vocabulary_Instance_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Fast Object Class Labelling via Speech
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gygli_Fast_Object_Class_Labelling_via_Speech_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
LaSOT: A High-Quality Benchmark for Large-Scale Single Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Fan_LaSOT_A_High-Quality_Benchmark_for_Large-Scale_Single_Object_Tracking_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Creative Flow+ Dataset
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shugrina_Creative_Flow_Dataset_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Open-Set Domain Adaptation by Dual-Domain Collaboration
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tan_Weakly_Supervised_Open-Set_Domain_Adaptation_by_Dual-Domain_Collaboration_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Neurobiological Evaluation Metric for Neural Network Model Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Blanchard_A_Neurobiological_Evaluation_Metric_for_Neural_Network_Model_Search_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Iterative Projection and Matching: Finding Structure-Preserving Representatives and Its Application to Computer Vision
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zaeemzadeh_Iterative_Projection_and_Matching_Finding_Structure-Preserving_Representatives_and_Its_Application_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Efficient Multi-Domain Learning by Covariance Normalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Efficient_Multi-Domain_Learning_by_Covariance_Normalization_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Predicting Visible Image Differences Under Varying Display Brightness and Viewing Distance
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ye_Predicting_Visible_Image_Differences_Under_Varying_Display_Brightness_and_Viewing_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Bayesian Perspective on the Deep Image Prior
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Cheng_A_Bayesian_Perspective_on_the_Deep_Image_Prior_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
ApolloCar3D: A Large 3D Car Instance Understanding Benchmark for Autonomous Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Song_ApolloCar3D_A_Large_3D_Car_Instance_Understanding_Benchmark_for_Autonomous_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Compressing Unknown Images With Product Quantizer for Efficient Zero-Shot Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Compressing_Unknown_Images_With_Product_Quantizer_for_Efficient_Zero-Shot_Classification_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Convolutional Subspace Clustering Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Self-Supervised_Convolutional_Subspace_Clustering_Network_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Multi-Scale Geometric Consistency Guided Multi-View Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xu_Multi-Scale_Geometric_Consistency_Guided_Multi-View_Stereo_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Privacy Preserving Image-Based Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Speciale_Privacy_Preserving_Image-Based_Localization_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
SimulCap : Single-View Human Performance Capture With Cloth Simulation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yu_SimulCap__Single-View_Human_Performance_Capture_With_Cloth_Simulation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Hierarchical Deep Stereo Matching on High-Resolution Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yang_Hierarchical_Deep_Stereo_Matching_on_High-Resolution_Images_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Recurrent MVSNet for High-Resolution Multi-View Stereo Depth Inference
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yao_Recurrent_MVSNet_for_High-Resolution_Multi-View_Stereo_Depth_Inference_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Synthesizing 3D Shapes From Silhouette Image Collections Using Multi-Projection Generative Adversarial Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Synthesizing_3D_Shapes_From_Silhouette_Image_Collections_Using_Multi-Projection_Generative_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
The Perfect Match: 3D Point Cloud Matching With Smoothed Densities
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gojcic_The_Perfect_Match_3D_Point_Cloud_Matching_With_Smoothed_Densities_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Recurrent Neural Network for (Un-)Supervised Learning of Monocular Video Visual Odometry and Depth
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Recurrent_Neural_Network_for_Un-Supervised_Learning_of_Monocular_Video_Visual_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
PointWeb: Enhancing Local Neighborhood Features for Point Cloud Processing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhao_PointWeb_Enhancing_Local_Neighborhood_Features_for_Point_Cloud_Processing_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Scan2Mesh: From Unstructured Range Scans to 3D Meshes
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Dai_Scan2Mesh_From_Unstructured_Range_Scans_to_3D_Meshes_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for ToF Data Denoising With Adversarial Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Agresti_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_for_ToF_Data_Denoising_With_Adversarial_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Independent Object Motion From Unlabelled Stereoscopic Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Cao_Learning_Independent_Object_Motion_From_Unlabelled_Stereoscopic_Videos_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Single-Image Depth From Videos Using Quality Assessment Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Learning_Single-Image_Depth_From_Videos_Using_Quality_Assessment_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning 3D Human Dynamics From Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kanazawa_Learning_3D_Human_Dynamics_From_Video_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Lending Orientation to Neural Networks for Cross-View Geo-Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Lending_Orientation_to_Neural_Networks_for_Cross-View_Geo-Localization_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Visual Localization by Learning Objects-Of-Interest Dense Match Regression
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Weinzaepfel_Visual_Localization_by_Learning_Objects-Of-Interest_Dense_Match_Regression_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Bilateral Cyclic Constraint and Adaptive Regularization for Unsupervised Monocular Depth Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wong_Bilateral_Cyclic_Constraint_and_Adaptive_Regularization_for_Unsupervised_Monocular_Depth_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Face Parsing With RoI Tanh-Warping
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lin_Face_Parsing_With_RoI_Tanh-Warping_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Multi-Person Articulated Tracking With Spatial and Temporal Embeddings
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Jin_Multi-Person_Articulated_Tracking_With_Spatial_and_Temporal_Embeddings_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Multi-Person Pose Estimation With Enhanced Channel-Wise and Spatial Information
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Su_Multi-Person_Pose_Estimation_With_Enhanced_Channel-Wise_and_Spatial_Information_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Compact Embedding for Facial Expression Similarity
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Vemulapalli_A_Compact_Embedding_for_Facial_Expression_Similarity_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep High-Resolution Representation Learning for Human Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Sun_Deep_High-Resolution_Representation_Learning_for_Human_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Feature Transfer Learning for Face Recognition With Under-Represented Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yin_Feature_Transfer_Learning_for_Face_Recognition_With_Under-Represented_Data_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised 3D Pose Estimation With Geometric Self-Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Unsupervised_3D_Pose_Estimation_With_Geometric_Self-Supervision_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Peeking Into the Future: Predicting Future Person Activities and Locations in Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liang_Peeking_Into_the_Future_Predicting_Future_Person_Activities_and_Locations_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Re-Identification With Consistent Attentive Siamese Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zheng_Re-Identification_With_Consistent_Attentive_Siamese_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
On the Continuity of Rotation Representations in Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhou_On_the_Continuity_of_Rotation_Representations_in_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Iterative Residual Refinement for Joint Optical Flow and Occlusion Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hur_Iterative_Residual_Refinement_for_Joint_Optical_Flow_and_Occlusion_Estimation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Inverse Discriminative Networks for Handwritten Signature Verification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wei_Inverse_Discriminative_Networks_for_Handwritten_Signature_Verification_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Led3D: A Lightweight and Efficient Deep Approach to Recognizing Low-Quality 3D Faces
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Mu_Led3D_A_Lightweight_and_Efficient_Deep_Approach_to_Recognizing_Low-Quality_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
ROI Pooled Correlation Filters for Visual Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Sun_ROI_Pooled_Correlation_Filters_for_Visual_Tracking_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Video Inpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kim_Deep_Video_Inpainting_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
DM-GAN: Dynamic Memory Generative Adversarial Networks for Text-To-Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhu_DM-GAN_Dynamic_Memory_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_for_Text-To-Image_Synthesis_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Non-Adversarial Image Synthesis With Generative Latent Nearest Neighbors
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hoshen_Non-Adversarial_Image_Synthesis_With_Generative_Latent_Nearest_Neighbors_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Mixture Density Generative Adversarial Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Eghbal-zadeh_Mixture_Density_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
SketchGAN: Joint Sketch Completion and Recognition With Generative Adversarial Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_SketchGAN_Joint_Sketch_Completion_and_Recognition_With_Generative_Adversarial_Network_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Foreground-Aware Image Inpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xiong_Foreground-Aware_Image_Inpainting_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Art2Real: Unfolding the Reality of Artworks via Semantically-Aware Image-To-Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tomei_Art2Real_Unfolding_the_Reality_of_Artworks_via_Semantically-Aware_Image-To-Image_Translation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Structure-Preserving Stereoscopic View Synthesis With Multi-Scale Adversarial Correlation Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Structure-Preserving_Stereoscopic_View_Synthesis_With_Multi-Scale_Adversarial_Correlation_Matching_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
DynTypo: Example-Based Dynamic Text Effects Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Men_DynTypo_Example-Based_Dynamic_Text_Effects_Transfer_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Arbitrary Style Transfer With Style-Attentional Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Park_Arbitrary_Style_Transfer_With_Style-Attentional_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Typography With Decor: Intelligent Text Style Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Typography_With_Decor_Intelligent_Text_Style_Transfer_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
RL-GAN-Net: A Reinforcement Learning Agent Controlled GAN Network for Real-Time Point Cloud Shape Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Sarmad_RL-GAN-Net_A_Reinforcement_Learning_Agent_Controlled_GAN_Network_for_Real-Time_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Photo Wake-Up: 3D Character Animation From a Single Photo
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Weng_Photo_Wake-Up_3D_Character_Animation_From_a_Single_Photo_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
DeepLight: Learning Illumination for Unconstrained Mobile Mixed Reality
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/LeGendre_DeepLight_Learning_Illumination_for_Unconstrained_Mobile_Mixed_Reality_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Iterative Residual CNNs for Burst Photography Applications
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kokkinos_Iterative_Residual_CNNs_for_Burst_Photography_Applications_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Implicit Fields for Generative Shape Modeling
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Learning_Implicit_Fields_for_Generative_Shape_Modeling_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Reliable and Efficient Image Cropping: A Grid Anchor Based Approach
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zeng_Reliable_and_Efficient_Image_Cropping_A_Grid_Anchor_Based_Approach_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Patch-Based Progressive 3D Point Set Upsampling
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yifan_Patch-Based_Progressive_3D_Point_Set_Upsampling_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
An Iterative and Cooperative Top-Down and Bottom-Up Inference Network for Salient Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_An_Iterative_and_Cooperative_Top-Down_and_Bottom-Up_Inference_Network_for_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Stacked Hierarchical Multi-Patch Network for Image Deblurring
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Deep_Stacked_Hierarchical_Multi-Patch_Network_for_Image_Deblurring_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Turn a Silicon Camera Into an InGaAs Camera
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lv_Turn_a_Silicon_Camera_Into_an_InGaAs_Camera_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Low-Rank Tensor Completion With a New Tensor Nuclear Norm Induced by Invertible Linear Transforms
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lu_Low-Rank_Tensor_Completion_With_a_New_Tensor_Nuclear_Norm_Induced_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Joint Representative Selection and Feature Learning: A Semi-Supervised Approach
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Joint_Representative_Selection_and_Feature_Learning_A_Semi-Supervised_Approach_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
The Domain Transform Solver
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Bapat_The_Domain_Transform_Solver_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
CapSal: Leveraging Captioning to Boost Semantics for Salient Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_CapSal_Leveraging_Captioning_to_Boost_Semantics_for_Salient_Object_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Phase-Only Image Based Kernel Estimation for Single Image Blind Deblurring
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Pan_Phase-Only_Image_Based_Kernel_Estimation_for_Single_Image_Blind_Deblurring_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Hierarchical Discrete Distribution Decomposition for Match Density Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yin_Hierarchical_Discrete_Distribution_Decomposition_for_Match_Density_Estimation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
FOCNet: A Fractional Optimal Control Network for Image Denoising
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Jia_FOCNet_A_Fractional_Optimal_Control_Network_for_Image_Denoising_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Orthogonal Decomposition Network for Pixel-Wise Binary Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Orthogonal_Decomposition_Network_for_Pixel-Wise_Binary_Classification_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Multi-Source Weak Supervision for Saliency Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zeng_Multi-Source_Weak_Supervision_for_Saliency_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
ComDefend: An Efficient Image Compression Model to Defend Adversarial Examples
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Jia_ComDefend_An_Efficient_Image_Compression_Model_to_Defend_Adversarial_Examples_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Combinatorial Persistency Criteria for Multicut and Max-Cut
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lange_Combinatorial_Persistency_Criteria_for_Multicut_and_Max-Cut_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
S4Net: Single Stage Salient-Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Fan_S4Net_Single_Stage_Salient-Instance_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Decomposition Algorithm for the Sparse Generalized Eigenvalue Problem
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yuan_A_Decomposition_Algorithm_for_the_Sparse_Generalized_Eigenvalue_Problem_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Polynomial Representation for Persistence Diagram
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Polynomial_Representation_for_Persistence_Diagram_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Crowd Counting and Density Estimation by Trellis Encoder-Decoder Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Jiang_Crowd_Counting_and_Density_Estimation_by_Trellis_Encoder-Decoder_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Cross-Atlas Convolution for Parameterization Invariant Learning on Textured Mesh Surface
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Cross-Atlas_Convolution_for_Parameterization_Invariant_Learning_on_Textured_Mesh_Surface_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Surface Normal Estimation With Hierarchical RGB-D Fusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zeng_Deep_Surface_Normal_Estimation_With_Hierarchical_RGB-D_Fusion_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Knowledge-Embedded Routing Network for Scene Graph Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Knowledge-Embedded_Routing_Network_for_Scene_Graph_Generation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
An End-To-End Network for Panoptic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_An_End-To-End_Network_for_Panoptic_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Fast and Flexible Indoor Scene Synthesis via Deep Convolutional Generative Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ritchie_Fast_and_Flexible_Indoor_Scene_Synthesis_via_Deep_Convolutional_Generative_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Marginalized Latent Semantic Encoder for Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ding_Marginalized_Latent_Semantic_Encoder_for_Zero-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Scale-Adaptive Neural Dense Features: Learning via Hierarchical Context Aggregation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Spencer_Scale-Adaptive_Neural_Dense_Features_Learning_via_Hierarchical_Context_Aggregation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Embedding Learning via Invariant and Spreading Instance Feature
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ye_Unsupervised_Embedding_Learning_via_Invariant_and_Spreading_Instance_Feature_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
AOGNets: Compositional Grammatical Architectures for Deep Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_AOGNets_Compositional_Grammatical_Architectures_for_Deep_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Robust Local Spectral Descriptor for Matching Non-Rigid Shapes With Incompatible Shape Structures
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_A_Robust_Local_Spectral_Descriptor_for_Matching_Non-Rigid_Shapes_With_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Context and Attribute Grounded Dense Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yin_Context_and_Attribute_Grounded_Dense_Captioning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Spot and Learn: A Maximum-Entropy Patch Sampler for Few-Shot Image Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chu_Spot_and_Learn_A_Maximum-Entropy_Patch_Sampler_for_Few-Shot_Image_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Interpreting CNNs via Decision Trees
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Interpreting_CNNs_via_Decision_Trees_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Dense Relational Captioning: Triple-Stream Networks for Relationship-Based Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kim_Dense_Relational_Captioning_Triple-Stream_Networks_for_Relationship-Based_Captioning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Modular Co-Attention Networks for Visual Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yu_Deep_Modular_Co-Attention_Networks_for_Visual_Question_Answering_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Synthesizing Environment-Aware Activities via Activity Sketches
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liao_Synthesizing_Environment-Aware_Activities_via_Activity_Sketches_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Self-Critical N-Step Training for Image Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gao_Self-Critical_N-Step_Training_for_Image_Captioning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Multi-Target Embodied Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yu_Multi-Target_Embodied_Question_Answering_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Visual Question Answering as Reading Comprehension
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Visual_Question_Answering_as_Reading_Comprehension_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
StoryGAN: A Sequential Conditional GAN for Story Visualization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_StoryGAN_A_Sequential_Conditional_GAN_for_Story_Visualization_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Noise-Aware Unsupervised Deep Lidar-Stereo Fusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Cheng_Noise-Aware_Unsupervised_Deep_Lidar-Stereo_Fusion_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Versatile Multiple Choice Learning and Its Application to Vision Computing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tian_Versatile_Multiple_Choice_Learning_and_Its_Application_to_Vision_Computing_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
EV-Gait: Event-Based Robust Gait Recognition Using Dynamic Vision Sensors
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_EV-Gait_Event-Based_Robust_Gait_Recognition_Using_Dynamic_Vision_Sensors_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
ToothNet: Automatic Tooth Instance Segmentation and Identification From Cone Beam CT Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Cui_ToothNet_Automatic_Tooth_Instance_Segmentation_and_Identification_From_Cone_Beam_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Modularized Textual Grounding for Counterfactual Resilience
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Fang_Modularized_Textual_Grounding_for_Counterfactual_Resilience_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
L3-Net: Towards Learning Based LiDAR Localization for Autonomous Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lu_L3-Net_Towards_Learning_Based_LiDAR_Localization_for_Autonomous_Driving_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Panoptic Feature Pyramid Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kirillov_Panoptic_Feature_Pyramid_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Mask Scoring R-CNN
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Huang_Mask_Scoring_R-CNN_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Reasoning-RCNN: Unifying Adaptive Global Reasoning Into Large-Scale Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xu_Reasoning-RCNN_Unifying_Adaptive_Global_Reasoning_Into_Large-Scale_Object_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Cross-Modality Personalization for Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Murrugarra-Llerena_Cross-Modality_Personalization_for_Retrieval_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Composing Text and Image for Image Retrieval - an Empirical Odyssey
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Vo_Composing_Text_and_Image_for_Image_Retrieval_-_an_Empirical_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Arbitrary Shape Scene Text Detection With Adaptive Text Region Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Arbitrary_Shape_Scene_Text_Detection_With_Adaptive_Text_Region_Representation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Adaptive NMS: Refining Pedestrian Detection in a Crowd
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Adaptive_NMS_Refining_Pedestrian_Detection_in_a_Crowd_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Point in, Box Out: Beyond Counting Persons in Crowds
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Point_in_Box_Out_Beyond_Counting_Persons_in_Crowds_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Locating Objects Without Bounding Boxes
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ribera_Locating_Objects_Without_Bounding_Boxes_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
FineGAN: Unsupervised Hierarchical Disentanglement for Fine-Grained Object Generation and Discovery
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Singh_FineGAN_Unsupervised_Hierarchical_Disentanglement_for_Fine-Grained_Object_Generation_and_Discovery_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Mutual Learning of Complementary Networks via Residual Correction for Improving Semi-Supervised Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wu_Mutual_Learning_of_Complementary_Networks_via_Residual_Correction_for_Improving_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Sampling Techniques for Large-Scale Object Detection From Sparsely Annotated Objects
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Niitani_Sampling_Techniques_for_Large-Scale_Object_Detection_From_Sparsely_Annotated_Objects_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Curls & Whey: Boosting Black-Box Adversarial Attacks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shi_Curls__Whey_Boosting_Black-Box_Adversarial_Attacks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Barrage of Random Transforms for Adversarially Robust Defense
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Raff_Barrage_of_Random_Transforms_for_Adversarially_Robust_Defense_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Aggregation Cross-Entropy for Sequence Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xie_Aggregation_Cross-Entropy_for_Sequence_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
LaSO: Label-Set Operations Networks for Multi-Label Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Alfassy_LaSO_Label-Set_Operations_Networks_for_Multi-Label_Few-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Learning With Localization in Realistic Settings
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wertheimer_Few-Shot_Learning_With_Localization_in_Realistic_Settings_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
AdaGraph: Unifying Predictive and Continuous Domain Adaptation Through Graphs
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Mancini_AdaGraph_Unifying_Predictive_and_Continuous_Domain_Adaptation_Through_Graphs_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Grounded Video Description
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhou_Grounded_Video_Description_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Streamlined Dense Video Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Mun_Streamlined_Dense_Video_Captioning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Adversarial Inference for Multi-Sentence Video Description
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Park_Adversarial_Inference_for_Multi-Sentence_Video_Description_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Unified Visual-Semantic Embeddings: Bridging Vision and Language With Structured Meaning Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wu_Unified_Visual-Semantic_Embeddings_Bridging_Vision_and_Language_With_Structured_Meaning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Compose Dynamic Tree Structures for Visual Contexts
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tang_Learning_to_Compose_Dynamic_Tree_Structures_for_Visual_Contexts_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Reinforced Cross-Modal Matching and Self-Supervised Imitation Learning for Vision-Language Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Reinforced_Cross-Modal_Matching_and_Self-Supervised_Imitation_Learning_for_Vision-Language_Navigation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Dynamic Fusion With Intra- and Inter-Modality Attention Flow for Visual Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gao_Dynamic_Fusion_With_Intra-_and_Inter-Modality_Attention_Flow_for_Visual_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Cycle-Consistency for Robust Visual Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shah_Cycle-Consistency_for_Robust_Visual_Question_Answering_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Embodied Question Answering in Photorealistic Environments With Point Cloud Perception
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wijmans_Embodied_Question_Answering_in_Photorealistic_Environments_With_Point_Cloud_Perception_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Reasoning Visual Dialogs With Structural and Partial Observations
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zheng_Reasoning_Visual_Dialogs_With_Structural_and_Partial_Observations_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Recursive Visual Attention in Visual Dialog
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Niu_Recursive_Visual_Attention_in_Visual_Dialog_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Two Body Problem: Collaborative Visual Task Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Jain_Two_Body_Problem_Collaborative_Visual_Task_Completion_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
GQA: A New Dataset for Real-World Visual Reasoning and Compositional Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hudson_GQA_A_New_Dataset_for_Real-World_Visual_Reasoning_and_Compositional_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Text2Scene: Generating Compositional Scenes From Textual Descriptions
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tan_Text2Scene_Generating_Compositional_Scenes_From_Textual_Descriptions_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
From Recognition to Cognition: Visual Commonsense Reasoning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zellers_From_Recognition_to_Cognition_Visual_Commonsense_Reasoning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
The Regretful Agent: Heuristic-Aided Navigation Through Progress Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ma_The_Regretful_Agent_Heuristic-Aided_Navigation_Through_Progress_Estimation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Tactical Rewind: Self-Correction via Backtracking in Vision-And-Language Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ke_Tactical_Rewind_Self-Correction_via_Backtracking_in_Vision-And-Language_Navigation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Learn How to Learn: Self-Adaptive Visual Navigation Using Meta-Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wortsman_Learning_to_Learn_How_to_Learn_Self-Adaptive_Visual_Navigation_Using_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
High Flux Passive Imaging With Single-Photon Sensors
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ingle_High_Flux_Passive_Imaging_With_Single-Photon_Sensors_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Photon-Flooded Single-Photon 3D Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gupta_Photon-Flooded_Single-Photon_3D_Cameras_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Acoustic Non-Line-Of-Sight Imaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lindell_Acoustic_Non-Line-Of-Sight_Imaging_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Steady-State Non-Line-Of-Sight Imaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Steady-State_Non-Line-Of-Sight_Imaging_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Theory of Fermat Paths for Non-Line-Of-Sight Shape Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xin_A_Theory_of_Fermat_Paths_for_Non-Line-Of-Sight_Shape_Reconstruction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
End-To-End Projector Photometric Compensation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Huang_End-To-End_Projector_Photometric_Compensation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Bringing a Blurry Frame Alive at High Frame-Rate With an Event Camera
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Pan_Bringing_a_Blurry_Frame_Alive_at_High_Frame-Rate_With_an_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Bringing Alive Blurred Moments
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Purohit_Bringing_Alive_Blurred_Moments_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Synthesize Motion Blur
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Brooks_Learning_to_Synthesize_Motion_Blur_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Underexposed Photo Enhancement Using Deep Illumination Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Underexposed_Photo_Enhancement_Using_Deep_Illumination_Estimation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Blind Visual Motif Removal From a Single Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hertz_Blind_Visual_Motif_Removal_From_a_Single_Image_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Non-Local Meets Global: An Integrated Paradigm for Hyperspectral Denoising
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/He_Non-Local_Meets_Global_An_Integrated_Paradigm_for_Hyperspectral_Denoising_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Neural Rerendering in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Meshry_Neural_Rerendering_in_the_Wild_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
GeoNet: Deep Geodesic Networks for Point Cloud Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/He_GeoNet_Deep_Geodesic_Networks_for_Point_Cloud_Analysis_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
MeshAdv: Adversarial Meshes for Visual Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xiao_MeshAdv_Adversarial_Meshes_for_Visual_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Fast Spatially-Varying Indoor Lighting Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Garon_Fast_Spatially-Varying_Indoor_Lighting_Estimation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Neural Illumination: Lighting Prediction for Indoor Environments
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Song_Neural_Illumination_Lighting_Prediction_for_Indoor_Environments_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Sky Modeling for Single Image Outdoor Lighting Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hold-Geoffroy_Deep_Sky_Modeling_for_Single_Image_Outdoor_Lighting_Estimation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Bidirectional Learning for Domain Adaptation of Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Bidirectional_Learning_for_Domain_Adaptation_of_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Enhanced Bayesian Compression via Deep Reinforcement Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yuan_Enhanced_Bayesian_Compression_via_Deep_Reinforcement_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Strong-Weak Distribution Alignment for Adaptive Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Saito_Strong-Weak_Distribution_Alignment_for_Adaptive_Object_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
MFAS: Multimodal Fusion Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Perez-Rua_MFAS_Multimodal_Fusion_Architecture_Search_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Disentangling Adversarial Robustness and Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Stutz_Disentangling_Adversarial_Robustness_and_Generalization_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
ShieldNets: Defending Against Adversarial Attacks Using Probabilistic Adversarial Robustness
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Theagarajan_ShieldNets_Defending_Against_Adversarial_Attacks_Using_Probabilistic_Adversarial_Robustness_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deeply-Supervised Knowledge Synergy
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Sun_Deeply-Supervised_Knowledge_Synergy_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Dual Residual Networks Leveraging the Potential of Paired Operations for Image Restoration
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Dual_Residual_Networks_Leveraging_the_Potential_of_Paired_Operations_for_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Probabilistic End-To-End Noise Correction for Learning With Noisy Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yi_Probabilistic_End-To-End_Noise_Correction_for_Learning_With_Noisy_Labels_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Attention-Guided Unified Network for Panoptic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Attention-Guided_Unified_Network_for_Panoptic_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
NAS-FPN: Learning Scalable Feature Pyramid Architecture for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ghiasi_NAS-FPN_Learning_Scalable_Feature_Pyramid_Architecture_for_Object_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
OICSR: Out-In-Channel Sparsity Regularization for Compact Deep Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_OICSR_Out-In-Channel_Sparsity_Regularization_for_Compact_Deep_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Semantically Aligned Bias Reducing Zero Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Paul_Semantically_Aligned_Bias_Reducing_Zero_Shot_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Feature Space Perturbations Yield More Transferable Adversarial Examples
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Inkawhich_Feature_Space_Perturbations_Yield_More_Transferable_Adversarial_Examples_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
IGE-Net: Inverse Graphics Energy Networks for Human Pose Estimation and Single-View Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Jack_IGE-Net_Inverse_Graphics_Energy_Networks_for_Human_Pose_Estimation_and_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Accelerating Convolutional Neural Networks via Activation Map Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Georgiadis_Accelerating_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_via_Activation_Map_Compression_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Knowledge Distillation via Instance Relationship Graph
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Knowledge_Distillation_via_Instance_Relationship_Graph_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
PPGNet: Learning Point-Pair Graph for Line Segment Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_PPGNet_Learning_Point-Pair_Graph_for_Line_Segment_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Building Detail-Sensitive Semantic Segmentation Networks With Polynomial Pooling
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wei_Building_Detail-Sensitive_Semantic_Segmentation_Networks_With_Polynomial_Pooling_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Variational Bayesian Dropout With a Hierarchical Prior
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Variational_Bayesian_Dropout_With_a_Hierarchical_Prior_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
AANet: Attribute Attention Network for Person Re-Identifications
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tay_AANet_Attribute_Attention_Network_for_Person_Re-Identifications_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Overcoming Limitations of Mixture Density Networks: A Sampling and Fitting Framework for Multimodal Future Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Makansi_Overcoming_Limitations_of_Mixture_Density_Networks_A_Sampling_and_Fitting_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Main/Subsidiary Network Framework for Simplifying Binary Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xu_A_MainSubsidiary_Network_Framework_for_Simplifying_Binary_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
PointNetLK: Robust & Efficient Point Cloud Registration Using PointNet
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Aoki_PointNetLK_Robust__Efficient_Point_Cloud_Registration_Using_PointNet_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Adaptive Faster R-CNN
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Few-Shot_Adaptive_Faster_R-CNN_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
VRSTC: Occlusion-Free Video Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hou_VRSTC_Occlusion-Free_Video_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Compact Feature Learning for Multi-Domain Image Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Compact_Feature_Learning_for_Multi-Domain_Image_Classification_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Adaptive Transfer Network for Cross-Domain Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Adaptive_Transfer_Network_for_Cross-Domain_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Large-Scale Few-Shot Learning: Knowledge Transfer With Class Hierarchy
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Large-Scale_Few-Shot_Learning_Knowledge_Transfer_With_Class_Hierarchy_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Moving Object Detection Under Discontinuous Change in Illumination Using Tensor Low-Rank and Invariant Sparse Decomposition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shakeri_Moving_Object_Detection_Under_Discontinuous_Change_in_Illumination_Using_Tensor_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Pedestrian Detection With Autoregressive Network Phases
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Brazil_Pedestrian_Detection_With_Autoregressive_Network_Phases_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
All You Need Is a Few Shifts: Designing Efficient Convolutional Neural Networks for Image Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_All_You_Need_Is_a_Few_Shifts_Designing_Efficient_Convolutional_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Stochastic Class-Based Hard Example Mining for Deep Metric Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Suh_Stochastic_Class-Based_Hard_Example_Mining_for_Deep_Metric_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Revisiting Local Descriptor Based Image-To-Class Measure for Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Revisiting_Local_Descriptor_Based_Image-To-Class_Measure_for_Few-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Towards Robust Curve Text Detection With Conditional Spatial Expansion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Towards_Robust_Curve_Text_Detection_With_Conditional_Spatial_Expansion_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Revisiting Perspective Information for Efficient Crowd Counting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shi_Revisiting_Perspective_Information_for_Efficient_Crowd_Counting_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Towards Universal Object Detection by Domain Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Towards_Universal_Object_Detection_by_Domain_Attention_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Ensemble Deep Manifold Similarity Learning Using Hard Proxies
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Aziere_Ensemble_Deep_Manifold_Similarity_Learning_Using_Hard_Proxies_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Quantization Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yang_Quantization_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
RES-PCA: A Scalable Approach to Recovering Low-Rank Matrices
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Peng_RES-PCA_A_Scalable_Approach_to_Recovering_Low-Rank_Matrices_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Occlusion-Net: 2D/3D Occluded Keypoint Localization Using Graph Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Reddy_Occlusion-Net_2D3D_Occluded_Keypoint_Localization_Using_Graph_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Efficient Featurized Image Pyramid Network for Single Shot Detector
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Pang_Efficient_Featurized_Image_Pyramid_Network_for_Single_Shot_Detector_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Multi-Task Multi-Sensor Fusion for 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liang_Multi-Task_Multi-Sensor_Fusion_for_3D_Object_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Domain-Specific Batch Normalization for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chang_Domain-Specific_Batch_Normalization_for_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Grid R-CNN
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lu_Grid_R-CNN_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
MetaCleaner: Learning to Hallucinate Clean Representations for Noisy-Labeled Visual Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_MetaCleaner_Learning_to_Hallucinate_Clean_Representations_for_Noisy-Labeled_Visual_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Mapping, Localization and Path Planning for Image-Based Navigation Using Visual Features and Map
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Thoma_Mapping_Localization_and_Path_Planning_for_Image-Based_Navigation_Using_Visual_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Triply Supervised Decoder Networks for Joint Detection and Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Cao_Triply_Supervised_Decoder_Networks_for_Joint_Detection_and_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Leveraging the Invariant Side of Generative Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Leveraging_the_Invariant_Side_of_Generative_Zero-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Exploring the Bounds of the Utility of Context for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Barnea_Exploring_the_Bounds_of_the_Utility_of_Context_for_Object_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A-CNN: Annularly Convolutional Neural Networks on Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Komarichev_A-CNN_Annularly_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_on_Point_Clouds_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
DARNet: Deep Active Ray Network for Building Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Cheng_DARNet_Deep_Active_Ray_Network_for_Building_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Point Cloud Oversegmentation With Graph-Structured Deep Metric Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Landrieu_Point_Cloud_Oversegmentation_With_Graph-Structured_Deep_Metric_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Graphonomy: Universal Human Parsing via Graph Transfer Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gong_Graphonomy_Universal_Human_Parsing_via_Graph_Transfer_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Fitting Multiple Heterogeneous Models by Multi-Class Cascaded T-Linkage
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Magri_Fitting_Multiple_Heterogeneous_Models_by_Multi-Class_Cascaded_T-Linkage_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Late Fusion CNN for Digital Matting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_A_Late_Fusion_CNN_for_Digital_Matting_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
BASNet: Boundary-Aware Salient Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Qin_BASNet_Boundary-Aware_Salient_Object_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
ZigZagNet: Fusing Top-Down and Bottom-Up Context for Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lin_ZigZagNet_Fusing_Top-Down_and_Bottom-Up_Context_for_Object_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Object Instance Annotation With Deep Extreme Level Set Evolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Object_Instance_Annotation_With_Deep_Extreme_Level_Set_Evolution_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Leveraging Crowdsourced GPS Data for Road Extraction From Aerial Imagery
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Sun_Leveraging_Crowdsourced_GPS_Data_for_Road_Extraction_From_Aerial_Imagery_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Adaptive Pyramid Context Network for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/He_Adaptive_Pyramid_Context_Network_for_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Isospectralization, or How to Hear Shape, Style, and Correspondence
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Cosmo_Isospectralization_or_How_to_Hear_Shape_Style_and_Correspondence_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Speech2Face: Learning the Face Behind a Voice
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Oh_Speech2Face_Learning_the_Face_Behind_a_Voice_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Joint Manifold Diffusion for Combining Predictions on Decoupled Observations
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kim_Joint_Manifold_Diffusion_for_Combining_Predictions_on_Decoupled_Observations_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Audio Visual Scene-Aware Dialog
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Alamri_Audio_Visual_Scene-Aware_Dialog_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Minify Photometric Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Learning_to_Minify_Photometric_Stereo_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Reflective and Fluorescent Separation Under Narrow-Band Illumination
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Koyamatsu_Reflective_and_Fluorescent_Separation_Under_Narrow-Band_Illumination_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Depth From a Polarisation + RGB Stereo Pair
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhu_Depth_From_a_Polarisation__RGB_Stereo_Pair_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Rethinking the Evaluation of Video Summaries
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Otani_Rethinking_the_Evaluation_of_Video_Summaries_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
What Object Should I Use? - Task Driven Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Sawatzky_What_Object_Should_I_Use_-_Task_Driven_Object_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Triangulation Learning Network: From Monocular to Stereo 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Qin_Triangulation_Learning_Network_From_Monocular_to_Stereo_3D_Object_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Connecting the Dots: Learning Representations for Active Monocular Depth Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Riegler_Connecting_the_Dots_Learning_Representations_for_Active_Monocular_Depth_Estimation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Non-Volumetric Depth Fusion Using Successive Reprojections
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Donne_Learning_Non-Volumetric_Depth_Fusion_Using_Successive_Reprojections_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Stereo R-CNN Based 3D Object Detection for Autonomous Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Stereo_R-CNN_Based_3D_Object_Detection_for_Autonomous_Driving_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Hybrid Scene Compression for Visual Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Camposeco_Hybrid_Scene_Compression_for_Visual_Localization_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
MMFace: A Multi-Metric Regression Network for Unconstrained Face Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yi_MMFace_A_Multi-Metric_Regression_Network_for_Unconstrained_Face_Reconstruction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
3D Motion Decomposition for RGBD Future Dynamic Scene Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Qi_3D_Motion_Decomposition_for_RGBD_Future_Dynamic_Scene_Synthesis_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Single Image Depth Estimation Trained via Depth From Defocus Cues
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gur_Single_Image_Depth_Estimation_Trained_via_Depth_From_Defocus_Cues_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
RGBD Based Dimensional Decomposition Residual Network for 3D Semantic Scene Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_RGBD_Based_Dimensional_Decomposition_Residual_Network_for_3D_Semantic_Scene_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Neural Scene Decomposition for Multi-Person Motion Capture
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Rhodin_Neural_Scene_Decomposition_for_Multi-Person_Motion_Capture_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Efficient Decision-Based Black-Box Adversarial Attacks on Face Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Dong_Efficient_Decision-Based_Black-Box_Adversarial_Attacks_on_Face_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
FA-RPN: Floating Region Proposals for Face Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Najibi_FA-RPN_Floating_Region_Proposals_for_Face_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Bayesian Hierarchical Dynamic Model for Human Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhao_Bayesian_Hierarchical_Dynamic_Model_for_Human_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Mixed Effects Neural Networks (MeNets) With Applications to Gaze Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xiong_Mixed_Effects_Neural_Networks_MeNets_With_Applications_to_Gaze_Estimation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
3D Human Pose Estimation in Video With Temporal Convolutions and Semi-Supervised Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Pavllo_3D_Human_Pose_Estimation_in_Video_With_Temporal_Convolutions_and_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Regress 3D Face Shape and Expression From an Image Without 3D Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Sanyal_Learning_to_Regress_3D_Face_Shape_and_Expression_From_an_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
PoseFix: Model-Agnostic General Human Pose Refinement Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Moon_PoseFix_Model-Agnostic_General_Human_Pose_Refinement_Network_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
RepNet: Weakly Supervised Training of an Adversarial Reprojection Network for 3D Human Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wandt_RepNet_Weakly_Supervised_Training_of_an_Adversarial_Reprojection_Network_for_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Fast and Robust Multi-Person 3D Pose Estimation From Multiple Views
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Dong_Fast_and_Robust_Multi-Person_3D_Pose_Estimation_From_Multiple_Views_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Face-Focused Cross-Stream Network for Deception Detection in Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ding_Face-Focused_Cross-Stream_Network_for_Deception_Detection_in_Videos_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Unequal-Training for Deep Face Recognition With Long-Tailed Noisy Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhong_Unequal-Training_for_Deep_Face_Recognition_With_Long-Tailed_Noisy_Data_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
T-Net: Parametrizing Fully Convolutional Nets With a Single High-Order Tensor
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kossaifi_T-Net_Parametrizing_Fully_Convolutional_Nets_With_a_Single_High-Order_Tensor_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Hierarchical Cross-Modal Talking Face Generation With Dynamic Pixel-Wise Loss
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Hierarchical_Cross-Modal_Talking_Face_Generation_With_Dynamic_Pixel-Wise_Loss_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Object-Centric Auto-Encoders and Dummy Anomalies for Abnormal Event Detection in Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ionescu_Object-Centric_Auto-Encoders_and_Dummy_Anomalies_for_Abnormal_Event_Detection_in_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
DDLSTM: Dual-Domain LSTM for Cross-Dataset Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Perrett_DDLSTM_Dual-Domain_LSTM_for_Cross-Dataset_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
The Pros and Cons: Rank-Aware Temporal Attention for Skill Determination in Long Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Doughty_The_Pros_and_Cons_Rank-Aware_Temporal_Attention_for_Skill_Determination_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Collaborative Spatiotemporal Feature Learning for Video Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Collaborative_Spatiotemporal_Feature_Learning_for_Video_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
MARS: Motion-Augmented RGB Stream for Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Crasto_MARS_Motion-Augmented_RGB_Stream_for_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Convolutional Relational Machine for Group Activity Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Azar_Convolutional_Relational_Machine_for_Group_Activity_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Video Summarization by Learning From Unpaired Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Rochan_Video_Summarization_by_Learning_From_Unpaired_Data_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Skeleton-Based Action Recognition With Directed Graph Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shi_Skeleton-Based_Action_Recognition_With_Directed_Graph_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
PA3D: Pose-Action 3D Machine for Video Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yan_PA3D_Pose-Action_3D_Machine_for_Video_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Dual Relation Modeling for Egocentric Interaction Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Deep_Dual_Relation_Modeling_for_Egocentric_Interaction_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
MOTS: Multi-Object Tracking and Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Voigtlaender_MOTS_Multi-Object_Tracking_and_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Siamese Cascaded Region Proposal Networks for Real-Time Visual Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Fan_Siamese_Cascaded_Region_Proposal_Networks_for_Real-Time_Visual_Tracking_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
PointFlowNet: Learning Representations for Rigid Motion Estimation From Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Behl_PointFlowNet_Learning_Representations_for_Rigid_Motion_Estimation_From_Point_Clouds_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Listen to the Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hu_Listen_to_the_Image_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Image Super-Resolution by Neural Texture Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Image_Super-Resolution_by_Neural_Texture_Transfer_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Conditional Adversarial Generative Flow for Controllable Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Conditional_Adversarial_Generative_Flow_for_Controllable_Image_Synthesis_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
How to Make a Pizza: Learning a Compositional Layer-Based GAN Model
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Papadopoulos_How_to_Make_a_Pizza_Learning_a_Compositional_Layer-Based_GAN_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
TransGaGa: Geometry-Aware Unsupervised Image-To-Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wu_TransGaGa_Geometry-Aware_Unsupervised_Image-To-Image_Translation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Depth-Attentional Features for Single-Image Rain Removal
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hu_Depth-Attentional_Features_for_Single-Image_Rain_Removal_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Hyperspectral Image Reconstruction Using a Deep Spatial-Spectral Prior
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Hyperspectral_Image_Reconstruction_Using_a_Deep_Spatial-Spectral_Prior_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
LiFF: Light Field Features in Scale and Depth
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Dansereau_LiFF_Light_Field_Features_in_Scale_and_Depth_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Exemplar-Based Video Colorization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Deep_Exemplar-Based_Video_Colorization_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
On Finding Gray Pixels
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Qian_On_Finding_Gray_Pixels_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
UnOS: Unified Unsupervised Optical-Flow and Stereo-Depth Estimation by Watching Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_UnOS_Unified_Unsupervised_Optical-Flow_and_Stereo-Depth_Estimation_by_Watching_Videos_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Transformation Synchronization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Huang_Learning_Transformation_Synchronization_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
D2-Net: A Trainable CNN for Joint Description and Detection of Local Features
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Dusmanu_D2-Net_A_Trainable_CNN_for_Joint_Description_and_Detection_of_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Recurrent Neural Networks With Intra-Frame Iterations for Video Deblurring
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Nah_Recurrent_Neural_Networks_With_Intra-Frame_Iterations_for_Video_Deblurring_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Extract Flawless Slow Motion From Blurry Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Jin_Learning_to_Extract_Flawless_Slow_Motion_From_Blurry_Videos_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Natural and Realistic Single Image Super-Resolution With Explicit Natural Manifold Discrimination
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Soh_Natural_and_Realistic_Single_Image_Super-Resolution_With_Explicit_Natural_Manifold_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
RF-Net: An End-To-End Image Matching Network Based on Receptive Field
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shen_RF-Net_An_End-To-End_Image_Matching_Network_Based_on_Receptive_Field_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Fast Single Image Reflection Suppression via Convex Optimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yang_Fast_Single_Image_Reflection_Suppression_via_Convex_Optimization_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Mutual Learning Method for Salient Object Detection With Intertwined Multi-Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wu_A_Mutual_Learning_Method_for_Salient_Object_Detection_With_Intertwined_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Enhanced Pix2pix Dehazing Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Qu_Enhanced_Pix2pix_Dehazing_Network_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Assessing Personally Perceived Image Quality via Image Features and Collaborative Filtering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Korhonen_Assessing_Personally_Perceived_Image_Quality_via_Image_Features_and_Collaborative_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Single Image Reflection Removal Exploiting Misaligned Training Data and Network Enhancements
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wei_Single_Image_Reflection_Removal_Exploiting_Misaligned_Training_Data_and_Network_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Exploring Context and Visual Pattern of Relationship for Scene Graph Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Exploring_Context_and_Visual_Pattern_of_Relationship_for_Scene_Graph_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning From Synthetic Data for Crowd Counting in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Learning_From_Synthetic_Data_for_Crowd_Counting_in_the_Wild_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Local Block Coordinate Descent Algorithm for the CSC Model
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zisselman_A_Local_Block_Coordinate_Descent_Algorithm_for_the_CSC_Model_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Not Using the Car to See the Sidewalk -- Quantifying and Controlling the Effects of Context in Classification and Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shetty_Not_Using_the_Car_to_See_the_Sidewalk_--_Quantifying_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Discovering Fair Representations in the Data Domain
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Quadrianto_Discovering_Fair_Representations_in_the_Data_Domain_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Actor-Critic Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Araslanov_Actor-Critic_Instance_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Generalized Zero- and Few-Shot Learning via Aligned Variational Autoencoders
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Schonfeld_Generalized_Zero-_and_Few-Shot_Learning_via_Aligned_Variational_Autoencoders_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Semantic Projection Network for Zero- and Few-Label Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xian_Semantic_Projection_Network_for_Zero-_and_Few-Label_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
GCAN: Graph Convolutional Adversarial Network for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ma_GCAN_Graph_Convolutional_Adversarial_Network_for_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Seamless Scene Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Porzi_Seamless_Scene_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Image Matching and Object Discovery as Optimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Vo_Unsupervised_Image_Matching_and_Object_Discovery_as_Optimization_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Wide-Area Crowd Counting via Ground-Plane Density Maps and Multi-View Fusion CNNs
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Wide-Area_Crowd_Counting_via_Ground-Plane_Density_Maps_and_Multi-View_Fusion_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Show, Control and Tell: A Framework for Generating Controllable and Grounded Captions
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Cornia_Show_Control_and_Tell_A_Framework_for_Generating_Controllable_and_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Towards VQA Models That Can Read
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Singh_Towards_VQA_Models_That_Can_Read_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Object-Aware Aggregation With Bidirectional Temporal Graph for Video Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Object-Aware_Aggregation_With_Bidirectional_Temporal_Graph_for_Video_Captioning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Progressive Attention Memory Network for Movie Story Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kim_Progressive_Attention_Memory_Network_for_Movie_Story_Question_Answering_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Memory-Attended Recurrent Network for Video Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Pei_Memory-Attended_Recurrent_Network_for_Video_Captioning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Visual Query Answering by Entity-Attribute Graph Matching and Reasoning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xiong_Visual_Query_Answering_by_Entity-Attribute_Graph_Matching_and_Reasoning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Look Back and Predict Forward in Image Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Qin_Look_Back_and_Predict_Forward_in_Image_Captioning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Explainable and Explicit Visual Reasoning Over Scene Graphs
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shi_Explainable_and_Explicit_Visual_Reasoning_Over_Scene_Graphs_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Transfer Learning via Unsupervised Task Discovery for Visual Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Noh_Transfer_Learning_via_Unsupervised_Task_Discovery_for_Visual_Question_Answering_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Intention Oriented Image Captions With Guiding Objects
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zheng_Intention_Oriented_Image_Captions_With_Guiding_Objects_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Uncertainty Guided Multi-Scale Residual Learning-Using a Cycle Spinning CNN for Single Image De-Raining
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yasarla_Uncertainty_Guided_Multi-Scale_Residual_Learning-Using_a_Cycle_Spinning_CNN_for_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Toward Realistic Image Compositing With Adversarial Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Toward_Realistic_Image_Compositing_With_Adversarial_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Cross-Classification Clustering: An Efficient Multi-Object Tracking Technique for 3-D Instance Segmentation in Connectomics
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Meirovitch_Cross-Classification_Clustering_An_Efficient_Multi-Object_Tracking_Technique_for_3-D_Instance_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep ChArUco: Dark ChArUco Marker Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hu_Deep_ChArUco_Dark_ChArUco_Marker_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Pseudo-LiDAR From Visual Depth Estimation: Bridging the Gap in 3D Object Detection for Autonomous Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Pseudo-LiDAR_From_Visual_Depth_Estimation_Bridging_the_Gap_in_3D_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Rules of the Road: Predicting Driving Behavior With a Convolutional Model of Semantic Interactions
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hong_Rules_of_the_Road_Predicting_Driving_Behavior_With_a_Convolutional_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Metric Learning for Image Registration
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Niethammer_Metric_Learning_for_Image_Registration_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
LO-Net: Deep Real-Time Lidar Odometry
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_LO-Net_Deep_Real-Time_Lidar_Odometry_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
TraPHic: Trajectory Prediction in Dense and Heterogeneous Traffic Using Weighted Interactions
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chandra_TraPHic_Trajectory_Prediction_in_Dense_and_Heterogeneous_Traffic_Using_Weighted_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
World From Blur
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Qiu_World_From_Blur_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Topology Reconstruction of Tree-Like Structure in Images via Structural Similarity Measure and Dominant Set Clustering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xie_Topology_Reconstruction_of_Tree-Like_Structure_in_Images_via_Structural_Similarity_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Pyramidal Person Re-IDentification via Multi-Loss Dynamic Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zheng_Pyramidal_Person_Re-IDentification_via_Multi-Loss_Dynamic_Training_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Holistic and Comprehensive Annotation of Clinically Significant Findings on Diverse CT Images: Learning From Radiology Reports and Label Ontology
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yan_Holistic_and_Comprehensive_Annotation_of_Clinically_Significant_Findings_on_Diverse_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Robust Histopathology Image Analysis: To Label or to Synthesize?
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hou_Robust_Histopathology_Image_Analysis_To_Label_or_to_Synthesize_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Data Augmentation Using Learned Transformations for One-Shot Medical Image Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhao_Data_Augmentation_Using_Learned_Transformations_for_One-Shot_Medical_Image_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Shifting More Attention to Video Salient Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Fan_Shifting_More_Attention_to_Video_Salient_Object_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Neural Task Graphs: Generalizing to Unseen Tasks From a Single Video Demonstration
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Huang_Neural_Task_Graphs_Generalizing_to_Unseen_Tasks_From_a_Single_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Beyond Tracking: Selecting Memory and Refining Poses for Deep Visual Odometry
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xue_Beyond_Tracking_Selecting_Memory_and_Refining_Poses_for_Deep_Visual_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Image Generation From Layout
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhao_Image_Generation_From_Layout_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Multimodal Explanations by Predicting Counterfactuality in Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kanehira_Multimodal_Explanations_by_Predicting_Counterfactuality_in_Videos_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Explain With Complemental Examples
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kanehira_Learning_to_Explain_With_Complemental_Examples_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
HAQ: Hardware-Aware Automated Quantization With Mixed Precision
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_HAQ_Hardware-Aware_Automated_Quantization_With_Mixed_Precision_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Content Authentication for Neural Imaging Pipelines: End-To-End Optimization of Photo Provenance in Complex Distribution Channels
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Korus_Content_Authentication_for_Neural_Imaging_Pipelines_End-To-End_Optimization_of_Photo_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Inverse Procedural Modeling of Knitwear
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Trunz_Inverse_Procedural_Modeling_of_Knitwear_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Estimating 3D Motion and Forces of Person-Object Interactions From Monocular Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Estimating_3D_Motion_and_Forces_of_Person-Object_Interactions_From_Monocular_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
DeepMapping: Unsupervised Map Estimation From Multiple Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ding_DeepMapping_Unsupervised_Map_Estimation_From_Multiple_Point_Clouds_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
End-To-End Interpretable Neural Motion Planner
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zeng_End-To-End_Interpretable_Neural_Motion_Planner_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Divergence Triangle for Joint Training of Generator Model, Energy-Based Model, and Inferential Model
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Han_Divergence_Triangle_for_Joint_Training_of_Generator_Model_Energy-Based_Model_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Image Deformation Meta-Networks for One-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Image_Deformation_Meta-Networks_for_One-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Online High Rank Matrix Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Fan_Online_High_Rank_Matrix_Completion_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Multispectral Imaging for Fine-Grained Recognition of Powders on Complex Backgrounds
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhi_Multispectral_Imaging_for_Fine-Grained_Recognition_of_Powders_on_Complex_Backgrounds_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
ContactDB: Analyzing and Predicting Grasp Contact via Thermal Imaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Brahmbhatt_ContactDB_Analyzing_and_Predicting_Grasp_Contact_via_Thermal_Imaging_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Robust Subspace Clustering With Independent and Piecewise Identically Distributed Noise Modeling
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Robust_Subspace_Clustering_With_Independent_and_Piecewise_Identically_Distributed_Noise_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
What Correspondences Reveal About Unknown Camera and Motion Models?
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Probst_What_Correspondences_Reveal_About_Unknown_Camera_and_Motion_Models_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Self-Calibrating Deep Photometric Stereo Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Self-Calibrating_Deep_Photometric_Stereo_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Argoverse: 3D Tracking and Forecasting With Rich Maps
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chang_Argoverse_3D_Tracking_and_Forecasting_With_Rich_Maps_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Side Window Filtering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yin_Side_Window_Filtering_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Defense Against Adversarial Images Using Web-Scale Nearest-Neighbor Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Dubey_Defense_Against_Adversarial_Images_Using_Web-Scale_Nearest-Neighbor_Search_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Incremental Object Learning From Contiguous Views
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Stojanov_Incremental_Object_Learning_From_Contiguous_Views_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
IP102: A Large-Scale Benchmark Dataset for Insect Pest Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wu_IP102_A_Large-Scale_Benchmark_Dataset_for_Insect_Pest_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
CityFlow: A City-Scale Benchmark for Multi-Target Multi-Camera Vehicle Tracking and Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tang_CityFlow_A_City-Scale_Benchmark_for_Multi-Target_Multi-Camera_Vehicle_Tracking_and_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Social-IQ: A Question Answering Benchmark for Artificial Social Intelligence
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zadeh_Social-IQ_A_Question_Answering_Benchmark_for_Artificial_Social_Intelligence_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
UPSNet: A Unified Panoptic Segmentation Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xiong_UPSNet_A_Unified_Panoptic_Segmentation_Network_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
JSIS3D: Joint Semantic-Instance Segmentation of 3D Point Clouds With Multi-Task Pointwise Networks and Multi-Value Conditional Random Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Pham_JSIS3D_Joint_Semantic-Instance_Segmentation_of_3D_Point_Clouds_With_Multi-Task_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Instance Segmentation by Jointly Optimizing Spatial Embeddings and Clustering Bandwidth
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Neven_Instance_Segmentation_by_Jointly_Optimizing_Spatial_Embeddings_and_Clustering_Bandwidth_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
DeepCO3: Deep Instance Co-Segmentation by Co-Peak Search and Co-Saliency Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hsu_DeepCO3_Deep_Instance_Co-Segmentation_by_Co-Peak_Search_and_Co-Saliency_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Improving Semantic Segmentation via Video Propagation and Label Relaxation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhu_Improving_Semantic_Segmentation_via_Video_Propagation_and_Label_Relaxation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Accel: A Corrective Fusion Network for Efficient Semantic Segmentation on Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Jain_Accel_A_Corrective_Fusion_Network_for_Efficient_Semantic_Segmentation_on_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Shape2Motion: Joint Analysis of Motion Parts and Attributes From 3D Shapes
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Shape2Motion_Joint_Analysis_of_Motion_Parts_and_Attributes_From_3D_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Semantic Correlation Promoted Shape-Variant Context for Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ding_Semantic_Correlation_Promoted_Shape-Variant_Context_for_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Relation-Shape Convolutional Neural Network for Point Cloud Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Relation-Shape_Convolutional_Neural_Network_for_Point_Cloud_Analysis_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Enhancing Diversity of Defocus Blur Detectors via Cross-Ensemble Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhao_Enhancing_Diversity_of_Defocus_Blur_Detectors_via_Cross-Ensemble_Network_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
BubbleNets: Learning to Select the Guidance Frame in Video Object Segmentation by Deep Sorting Frames
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Griffin_BubbleNets_Learning_to_Select_the_Guidance_Frame_in_Video_Object_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Collaborative Global-Local Networks for Memory-Efficient Segmentation of Ultra-High Resolution Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Collaborative_Global-Local_Networks_for_Memory-Efficient_Segmentation_of_Ultra-High_Resolution_Images_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Efficient Parameter-Free Clustering Using First Neighbor Relations
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Sarfraz_Efficient_Parameter-Free_Clustering_Using_First_Neighbor_Relations_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Personalized Modular Network Guided by Structured Knowledge
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liang_Learning_Personalized_Modular_Network_Guided_by_Structured_Knowledge_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Generative Appearance Model for End-To-End Video Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Johnander_A_Generative_Appearance_Model_for_End-To-End_Video_Object_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Flexible Convolutional Solver for Fast Style Transfers
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Puy_A_Flexible_Convolutional_Solver_for_Fast_Style_Transfers_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Cross Domain Model Compression by Structurally Weight Sharing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gao_Cross_Domain_Model_Compression_by_Structurally_Weight_Sharing_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
TraVeLGAN: Image-To-Image Translation by Transformation Vector Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Amodio_TraVeLGAN_Image-To-Image_Translation_by_Transformation_Vector_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Robust Subjective Visual Property Prediction in Crowdsourcing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xu_Deep_Robust_Subjective_Visual_Property_Prediction_in_Crowdsourcing_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Transferable AutoML by Model Sharing Over Grouped Datasets
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xue_Transferable_AutoML_by_Model_Sharing_Over_Grouped_Datasets_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Not to Learn: Training Deep Neural Networks With Biased Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kim_Learning_Not_to_Learn_Training_Deep_Neural_Networks_With_Biased_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
IRLAS: Inverse Reinforcement Learning for Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Guo_IRLAS_Inverse_Reinforcement_Learning_for_Architecture_Search_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning for Single-Shot Confidence Calibration in Deep Neural Networks Through Stochastic Inferences
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Seo_Learning_for_Single-Shot_Confidence_Calibration_in_Deep_Neural_Networks_Through_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Attention-Based Adaptive Selection of Operations for Image Restoration in the Presence of Unknown Combined Distortions
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Suganuma_Attention-Based_Adaptive_Selection_of_Operations_for_Image_Restoration_in_the_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Fully Learnable Group Convolution for Acceleration of Deep Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Fully_Learnable_Group_Convolution_for_Acceleration_of_Deep_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
EIGEN: Ecologically-Inspired GENetic Approach for Neural Network Structure Searching From Scratch
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ren_EIGEN_Ecologically-Inspired_GENetic_Approach_for_Neural_Network_Structure_Searching_From_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Incremental Hashing Network for Efficient Image Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wu_Deep_Incremental_Hashing_Network_for_Efficient_Image_Retrieval_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Robustness via Curvature Regularization, and Vice Versa
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Moosavi-Dezfooli_Robustness_via_Curvature_Regularization_and_Vice_Versa_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
SparseFool: A Few Pixels Make a Big Difference
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Modas_SparseFool_A_Few_Pixels_Make_a_Big_Difference_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Interpretable and Fine-Grained Visual Explanations for Convolutional Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wagner_Interpretable_and_Fine-Grained_Visual_Explanations_for_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Structured Pruning of Neural Networks With Budget-Aware Regularization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lemaire_Structured_Pruning_of_Neural_Networks_With_Budget-Aware_Regularization_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
MBS: Macroblock Scaling for CNN Model Reduction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lin_MBS_Macroblock_Scaling_for_CNN_Model_Reduction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Fast Neural Architecture Search of Compact Semantic Segmentation Models via Auxiliary Cells
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Nekrasov_Fast_Neural_Architecture_Search_of_Compact_Semantic_Segmentation_Models_via_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Generating 3D Adversarial Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xiang_Generating_3D_Adversarial_Point_Clouds_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Partial Order Pruning: For Best Speed/Accuracy Trade-Off in Neural Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Partial_Order_Pruning_For_Best_SpeedAccuracy_Trade-Off_in_Neural_Architecture_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Memory in Memory: A Predictive Neural Network for Learning Higher-Order Non-Stationarity From Spatiotemporal Dynamics
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Memory_in_Memory_A_Predictive_Neural_Network_for_Learning_Higher-Order_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Variational Information Distillation for Knowledge Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ahn_Variational_Information_Distillation_for_Knowledge_Transfer_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
You Look Twice: GaterNet for Dynamic Filter Selection in CNNs
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_You_Look_Twice_GaterNet_for_Dynamic_Filter_Selection_in_CNNs_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
SpherePHD: Applying CNNs on a Spherical PolyHeDron Representation of 360deg Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lee_SpherePHD_Applying_CNNs_on_a_Spherical_PolyHeDron_Representation_of_360deg_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
ESPNetv2: A Light-Weight, Power Efficient, and General Purpose Convolutional Neural Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Mehta_ESPNetv2_A_Light-Weight_Power_Efficient_and_General_Purpose_Convolutional_Neural_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Assisted Excitation of Activations: A Learning Technique to Improve Object Detectors
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Derakhshani_Assisted_Excitation_of_Activations_A_Learning_Technique_to_Improve_Object_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Exploiting Edge Features for Graph Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gong_Exploiting_Edge_Features_for_Graph_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Propagation Mechanism for Deep and Wide Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xu_Propagation_Mechanism_for_Deep_and_Wide_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Catastrophic Child's Play: Easy to Perform, Hard to Defend Adversarial Attacks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ho_Catastrophic_Childs_Play_Easy_to_Perform_Hard_to_Defend_Adversarial_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Embedding Complementary Deep Networks for Image Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Embedding_Complementary_Deep_Networks_for_Image_Classification_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Multimodal Clustering for Unsupervised Audiovisual Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hu_Deep_Multimodal_Clustering_for_Unsupervised_Audiovisual_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Dense Classification and Implanting for Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lifchitz_Dense_Classification_and_Implanting_for_Few-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Class-Balanced Loss Based on Effective Number of Samples
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Cui_Class-Balanced_Loss_Based_on_Effective_Number_of_Samples_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Discovering Visual Patterns in Art Collections With Spatially-Consistent Feature Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shen_Discovering_Visual_Patterns_in_Art_Collections_With_Spatially-Consistent_Feature_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Min-Max Statistical Alignment for Transfer Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Herath_Min-Max_Statistical_Alignment_for_Transfer_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Spatial-Aware Graph Relation Network for Large-Scale Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xu_Spatial-Aware_Graph_Relation_Network_for_Large-Scale_Object_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deformable ConvNets V2: More Deformable, Better Results
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhu_Deformable_ConvNets_V2_More_Deformable_Better_Results_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Interaction-And-Aggregation Network for Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hou_Interaction-And-Aggregation_Network_for_Person_Re-Identification_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Rare Event Detection Using Disentangled Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hamaguchi_Rare_Event_Detection_Using_Disentangled_Representation_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Shape Robust Text Detection With Progressive Scale Expansion Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Shape_Robust_Text_Detection_With_Progressive_Scale_Expansion_Network_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Dual Encoding for Zero-Example Video Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Dong_Dual_Encoding_for_Zero-Example_Video_Retrieval_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
MaxpoolNMS: Getting Rid of NMS Bottlenecks in Two-Stage Object Detectors
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Cai_MaxpoolNMS_Getting_Rid_of_NMS_Bottlenecks_in_Two-Stage_Object_Detectors_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Character Region Awareness for Text Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Baek_Character_Region_Awareness_for_Text_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Effective Aesthetics Prediction With Multi-Level Spatially Pooled Features
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hosu_Effective_Aesthetics_Prediction_With_Multi-Level_Spatially_Pooled_Features_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Attentive Region Embedding Network for Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xie_Attentive_Region_Embedding_Network_for_Zero-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Explicit Spatial Encoding for Deep Local Descriptors
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Mukundan_Explicit_Spatial_Encoding_for_Deep_Local_Descriptors_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Panoptic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kirillov_Panoptic_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
You Reap What You Sow: Using Videos to Generate High Precision Object Proposals for Weakly-Supervised Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Singh_You_Reap_What_You_Sow_Using_Videos_to_Generate_High_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Explore-Exploit Graph Traversal for Image Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chang_Explore-Exploit_Graph_Traversal_for_Image_Retrieval_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Dissimilarity Coefficient Based Weakly Supervised Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Arun_Dissimilarity_Coefficient_Based_Weakly_Supervised_Object_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Kernel Transformer Networks for Compact Spherical Convolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Su_Kernel_Transformer_Networks_for_Compact_Spherical_Convolution_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Object Detection With Location-Aware Deformable Convolution and Backward Attention Filtering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Object_Detection_With_Location-Aware_Deformable_Convolution_and_Backward_Attention_Filtering_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Variational Prototyping-Encoder: One-Shot Learning With Prototypical Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kim_Variational_Prototyping-Encoder_One-Shot_Learning_With_Prototypical_Images_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Domain Adaptation Using Feature-Whitening and Consensus Loss
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Roy_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_Using_Feature-Whitening_and_Consensus_Loss_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
FEELVOS: Fast End-To-End Embedding Learning for Video Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Voigtlaender_FEELVOS_Fast_End-To-End_Embedding_Learning_for_Video_Object_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
PartNet: A Recursive Part Decomposition Network for Fine-Grained and Hierarchical Shape Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yu_PartNet_A_Recursive_Part_Decomposition_Network_for_Fine-Grained_and_Hierarchical_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Multi-Class Segmentations From Single-Class Datasets
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Dmitriev_Learning_Multi-Class_Segmentations_From_Single-Class_Datasets_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Convolutional Recurrent Network for Road Boundary Extraction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liang_Convolutional_Recurrent_Network_for_Road_Boundary_Extraction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
DFANet: Deep Feature Aggregation for Real-Time Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_DFANet_Deep_Feature_Aggregation_for_Real-Time_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Cross-Season Correspondence Dataset for Robust Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Larsson_A_Cross-Season_Correspondence_Dataset_for_Robust_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
ManTra-Net: Manipulation Tracing Network for Detection and Localization of Image Forgeries With Anomalous Features
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wu_ManTra-Net_Manipulation_Tracing_Network_for_Detection_and_Localization_of_Image_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
On Zero-Shot Recognition of Generic Objects
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hascoet_On_Zero-Shot_Recognition_of_Generic_Objects_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Explicit Bias Discovery in Visual Question Answering Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Manjunatha_Explicit_Bias_Discovery_in_Visual_Question_Answering_Models_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
REPAIR: Removing Representation Bias by Dataset Resampling
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_REPAIR_Removing_Representation_Bias_by_Dataset_Resampling_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Label Efficient Semi-Supervised Learning via Graph Filtering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Label_Efficient_Semi-Supervised_Learning_via_Graph_Filtering_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
MVTec AD -- A Comprehensive Real-World Dataset for Unsupervised Anomaly Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Bergmann_MVTec_AD_--_A_Comprehensive_Real-World_Dataset_for_Unsupervised_Anomaly_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
ABC: A Big CAD Model Dataset for Geometric Deep Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Koch_ABC_A_Big_CAD_Model_Dataset_for_Geometric_Deep_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Tightness-Aware Evaluation Protocol for Scene Text Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Tightness-Aware_Evaluation_Protocol_for_Scene_Text_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
PointConv: Deep Convolutional Networks on 3D Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wu_PointConv_Deep_Convolutional_Networks_on_3D_Point_Clouds_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Octree Guided CNN With Spherical Kernels for 3D Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lei_Octree_Guided_CNN_With_Spherical_Kernels_for_3D_Point_Clouds_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
VITAMIN-E: VIsual Tracking and MappINg With Extremely Dense Feature Points
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yokozuka_VITAMIN-E_VIsual_Tracking_and_MappINg_With_Extremely_Dense_Feature_Points_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Conditional Single-View Shape Generation for Multi-View Stereo Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wei_Conditional_Single-View_Shape_Generation_for_Multi-View_Stereo_Reconstruction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Adapt for Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tonioni_Learning_to_Adapt_for_Stereo_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
3D Appearance Super-Resolution With Deep Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_3D_Appearance_Super-Resolution_With_Deep_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Radial Distortion Triangulation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kukelova_Radial_Distortion_Triangulation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Robust Point Cloud Based Reconstruction of Large-Scale Outdoor Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lan_Robust_Point_Cloud_Based_Reconstruction_of_Large-Scale_Outdoor_Scenes_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Minimal Solvers for Mini-Loop Closures in 3D Multi-Scan Alignment
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Miraldo_Minimal_Solvers_for_Mini-Loop_Closures_in_3D_Multi-Scan_Alignment_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Volumetric Capture of Humans With a Single RGBD Camera via Semi-Parametric Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Pandey_Volumetric_Capture_of_Humans_With_a_Single_RGBD_Camera_via_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Joint Face Detection and Facial Motion Retargeting for Multiple Faces
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chaudhuri_Joint_Face_Detection_and_Facial_Motion_Retargeting_for_Multiple_Faces_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Monocular Depth Estimation Using Relative Depth Maps
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lee_Monocular_Depth_Estimation_Using_Relative_Depth_Maps_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Primitive Discovery for Improved 3D Generative Modeling
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Khan_Unsupervised_Primitive_Discovery_for_Improved_3D_Generative_Modeling_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Explore Intrinsic Saliency for Stereoscopic Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Learning_to_Explore_Intrinsic_Saliency_for_Stereoscopic_Video_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Spherical Regression: Learning Viewpoints, Surface Normals and 3D Rotations on N-Spheres
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liao_Spherical_Regression_Learning_Viewpoints_Surface_Normals_and_3D_Rotations_on_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Refine and Distill: Exploiting Cycle-Inconsistency and Knowledge Distillation for Unsupervised Monocular Depth Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Pilzer_Refine_and_Distill_Exploiting_Cycle-Inconsistency_and_Knowledge_Distillation_for_Unsupervised_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning View Priors for Single-View 3D Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kato_Learning_View_Priors_for_Single-View_3D_Reconstruction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Geometry-Aware Symmetric Domain Adaptation for Monocular Depth Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhao_Geometry-Aware_Symmetric_Domain_Adaptation_for_Monocular_Depth_Estimation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Monocular Depth Estimation Infusing Traditional Stereo Knowledge
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tosi_Learning_Monocular_Depth_Estimation_Infusing_Traditional_Stereo_Knowledge_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
SIGNet: Semantic Instance Aided Unsupervised 3D Geometry Perception
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Meng_SIGNet_Semantic_Instance_Aided_Unsupervised_3D_Geometry_Perception_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
3D Guided Fine-Grained Face Manipulation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Geng_3D_Guided_Fine-Grained_Face_Manipulation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Neuro-Inspired Eye Tracking With Eye Movement Dynamics
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Neuro-Inspired_Eye_Tracking_With_Eye_Movement_Dynamics_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Facial Emotion Distribution Learning by Exploiting Low-Rank Label Correlations Locally
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Jia_Facial_Emotion_Distribution_Learning_by_Exploiting_Low-Rank_Label_Correlations_Locally_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Face Normalization With Extreme Pose and Expression in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Qian_Unsupervised_Face_Normalization_With_Extreme_Pose_and_Expression_in_the_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Semantic Component Decomposition for Face Attribute Manipulation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Semantic_Component_Decomposition_for_Face_Attribute_Manipulation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
R3 Adversarial Network for Cross Model Face Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_R3_Adversarial_Network_for_Cross_Model_Face_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Disentangling Latent Hands for Image Synthesis and Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yang_Disentangling_Latent_Hands_for_Image_Synthesis_and_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Generating Multiple Hypotheses for 3D Human Pose Estimation With Mixture Density Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Generating_Multiple_Hypotheses_for_3D_Human_Pose_Estimation_With_Mixture_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
CrossInfoNet: Multi-Task Information Sharing Based Hand Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Du_CrossInfoNet_Multi-Task_Information_Sharing_Based_Hand_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
P2SGrad: Refined Gradients for Optimizing Deep Face Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_P2SGrad_Refined_Gradients_for_Optimizing_Deep_Face_Models_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Action Recognition From Single Timestamp Supervision in Untrimmed Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Moltisanti_Action_Recognition_From_Single_Timestamp_Supervision_in_Untrimmed_Videos_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Time-Conditioned Action Anticipation in One Shot
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ke_Time-Conditioned_Action_Anticipation_in_One_Shot_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Dance With Flow: Two-In-One Stream Action Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhao_Dance_With_Flow_Two-In-One_Stream_Action_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Representation Flow for Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Piergiovanni_Representation_Flow_for_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
LSTA: Long Short-Term Attention for Egocentric Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Sudhakaran_LSTA_Long_Short-Term_Attention_for_Egocentric_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Actor Relation Graphs for Group Activity Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wu_Learning_Actor_Relation_Graphs_for_Group_Activity_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Structured Model for Action Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_A_Structured_Model_for_Action_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Out-Of-Distribution Detection for Generalized Zero-Shot Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Mandal_Out-Of-Distribution_Detection_for_Generalized_Zero-Shot_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Object Discovery in Videos as Foreground Motion Clustering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xie_Object_Discovery_in_Videos_as_Foreground_Motion_Clustering_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Towards Natural and Accurate Future Motion Prediction of Humans and Animals
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Towards_Natural_and_Accurate_Future_Motion_Prediction_of_Humans_and_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Automatic Face Aging in Videos via Deep Reinforcement Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Duong_Automatic_Face_Aging_in_Videos_via_Deep_Reinforcement_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Multi-Adversarial Discriminative Deep Domain Generalization for Face Presentation Attack Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shao_Multi-Adversarial_Discriminative_Deep_Domain_Generalization_for_Face_Presentation_Attack_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Content Transformation Block for Image Style Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kotovenko_A_Content_Transformation_Block_for_Image_Style_Transfer_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
BeautyGlow: On-Demand Makeup Transfer Framework With Reversible Generative Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_BeautyGlow_On-Demand_Makeup_Transfer_Framework_With_Reversible_Generative_Network_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Style Transfer by Relaxed Optimal Transport and Self-Similarity
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kolkin_Style_Transfer_by_Relaxed_Optimal_Transport_and_Self-Similarity_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Inserting Videos Into Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lee_Inserting_Videos_Into_Videos_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Image and Video Compression Through Spatial-Temporal Energy Compaction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Cheng_Learning_Image_and_Video_Compression_Through_Spatial-Temporal_Energy_Compaction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Event-Based High Dynamic Range Image and Very High Frame Rate Video Generation Using Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Event-Based_High_Dynamic_Range_Image_and_Very_High_Frame_Rate_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Enhancing TripleGAN for Semi-Supervised Conditional Instance Synthesis and Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wu_Enhancing_TripleGAN_for_Semi-Supervised_Conditional_Instance_Synthesis_and_Classification_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Capture, Learning, and Synthesis of 3D Speaking Styles
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Cudeiro_Capture_Learning_and_Synthesis_of_3D_Speaking_Styles_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Nesti-Net: Normal Estimation for Unstructured 3D Point Clouds Using Convolutional Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ben-Shabat_Nesti-Net_Normal_Estimation_for_Unstructured_3D_Point_Clouds_Using_Convolutional_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Ray-Space Projection Model for Light Field Camera
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Ray-Space_Projection_Model_for_Light_Field_Camera_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Geometric Prior for Surface Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Williams_Deep_Geometric_Prior_for_Surface_Reconstruction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Analysis of Feature Visibility in Non-Line-Of-Sight Measurements
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Analysis_of_Feature_Visibility_in_Non-Line-Of-Sight_Measurements_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Hyperspectral Imaging With Random Printed Mask
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhao_Hyperspectral_Imaging_With_Random_Printed_Mask_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
All-Weather Deep Outdoor Lighting Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_All-Weather_Deep_Outdoor_Lighting_Estimation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Variational EM Framework With Adaptive Edge Selection for Blind Motion Deblurring
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yang_A_Variational_EM_Framework_With_Adaptive_Edge_Selection_for_Blind_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Viewport Proposal CNN for 360deg Video Quality Assessment
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Viewport_Proposal_CNN_for_360deg_Video_Quality_Assessment_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Beyond Gradient Descent for Regularized Segmentation Losses
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Marin_Beyond_Gradient_Descent_for_Regularized_Segmentation_Losses_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
MAGSAC: Marginalizing Sample Consensus
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Barath_MAGSAC_Marginalizing_Sample_Consensus_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Understanding and Visualizing Deep Visual Saliency Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/He_Understanding_and_Visualizing_Deep_Visual_Saliency_Models_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Divergence Prior and Vessel-Tree Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Divergence_Prior_and_Vessel-Tree_Reconstruction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Domain-Specific Deblurring via Disentangled Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lu_Unsupervised_Domain-Specific_Deblurring_via_Disentangled_Representations_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Douglas-Rachford Networks: Learning Both the Image Prior and Data Fidelity Terms for Blind Image Deconvolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Aljadaany_Douglas-Rachford_Networks_Learning_Both_the_Image_Prior_and_Data_Fidelity_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Speed Invariant Time Surface for Learning to Detect Corner Points With Event-Based Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Manderscheid_Speed_Invariant_Time_Surface_for_Learning_to_Detect_Corner_Points_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Training Deep Learning Based Image Denoisers From Undersampled Measurements Without Ground Truth and Without Image Prior
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhussip_Training_Deep_Learning_Based_Image_Denoisers_From_Undersampled_Measurements_Without_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Variational Pan-Sharpening With Local Gradient Constraints
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Fu_A_Variational_Pan-Sharpening_With_Local_Gradient_Constraints_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
F-VAEGAN-D2: A Feature Generating Framework for Any-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xian_F-VAEGAN-D2_A_Feature_Generating_Framework_for_Any-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Sliced Wasserstein Discrepancy for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lee_Sliced_Wasserstein_Discrepancy_for_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Graph Attention Convolution for Point Cloud Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Graph_Attention_Convolution_for_Point_Cloud_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Normalized Diversification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Normalized_Diversification_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Localize Through Compressed Binary Maps
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wei_Learning_to_Localize_Through_Compressed_Binary_Maps_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Parametric Top-View Representation of Complex Road Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_A_Parametric_Top-View_Representation_of_Complex_Road_Scenes_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Spatiotemporal Learning via Video Clip Order Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xu_Self-Supervised_Spatiotemporal_Learning_via_Video_Clip_Order_Prediction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Superquadrics Revisited: Learning 3D Shape Parsing Beyond Cuboids
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Paschalidou_Superquadrics_Revisited_Learning_3D_Shape_Parsing_Beyond_Cuboids_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Disentangling of Appearance and Geometry by Deformable Generator Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xing_Unsupervised_Disentangling_of_Appearance_and_Geometry_by_Deformable_Generator_Network_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Representation Learning by Rotation Feature Decoupling
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Feng_Self-Supervised_Representation_Learning_by_Rotation_Feature_Decoupling_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Deep Image Hashing Through Tag Embeddings
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gattupalli_Weakly_Supervised_Deep_Image_Hashing_Through_Tag_Embeddings_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Improved Road Connectivity by Joint Learning of Orientation and Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Batra_Improved_Road_Connectivity_by_Joint_Learning_of_Orientation_and_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Supervised Cross-Modal Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhen_Deep_Supervised_Cross-Modal_Retrieval_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Theoretically Sound Upper Bound on the Triplet Loss for Improving the Efficiency of Deep Distance Metric Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Do_A_Theoretically_Sound_Upper_Bound_on_the_Triplet_Loss_for_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Data Representation and Learning With Graph Diffusion-Embedding Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Jiang_Data_Representation_and_Learning_With_Graph_Diffusion-Embedding_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Video Relationship Reasoning Using Gated Spatio-Temporal Energy Graph
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tsai_Video_Relationship_Reasoning_Using_Gated_Spatio-Temporal_Energy_Graph_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Image-Question-Answer Synergistic Network for Visual Dialog
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Guo_Image-Question-Answer_Synergistic_Network_for_Visual_Dialog_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Not All Frames Are Equal: Weakly-Supervised Video Grounding With Contextual Similarity and Visual Clustering Losses
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shi_Not_All_Frames_Are_Equal_Weakly-Supervised_Video_Grounding_With_Contextual_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Inverse Cooking: Recipe Generation From Food Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Salvador_Inverse_Cooking_Recipe_Generation_From_Food_Images_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Adversarial Semantic Alignment for Improved Image Captions
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Dognin_Adversarial_Semantic_Alignment_for_Improved_Image_Captions_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Answer Them All! Toward Universal Visual Question Answering Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shrestha_Answer_Them_All_Toward_Universal_Visual_Question_Answering_Models_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Multi-Modal Neural Machine Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Su_Unsupervised_Multi-Modal_Neural_Machine_Translation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Multi-Task Learning of Hierarchical Vision-Language Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Nguyen_Multi-Task_Learning_of_Hierarchical_Vision-Language_Representation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Cross-Modal Self-Attention Network for Referring Image Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ye_Cross-Modal_Self-Attention_Network_for_Referring_Image_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
DuDoNet: Dual Domain Network for CT Metal Artifact Reduction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lin_DuDoNet_Dual_Domain_Network_for_CT_Metal_Artifact_Reduction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Fast Spatio-Temporal Residual Network for Video Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Fast_Spatio-Temporal_Residual_Network_for_Video_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Complete the Look: Scene-Based Complementary Product Recommendation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kang_Complete_the_Look_Scene-Based_Complementary_Product_Recommendation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Selective Sensor Fusion for Neural Visual-Inertial Odometry
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Selective_Sensor_Fusion_for_Neural_Visual-Inertial_Odometry_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Look More Than Once: An Accurate Detector for Text of Arbitrary Shapes
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Look_More_Than_Once_An_Accurate_Detector_for_Text_of_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Binary Code for Personalized Fashion Recommendation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lu_Learning_Binary_Code_for_Personalized_Fashion_Recommendation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Attention Based Glaucoma Detection: A Large-Scale Database and CNN Model
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Attention_Based_Glaucoma_Detection_A_Large-Scale_Database_and_CNN_Model_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Privacy Protection in Street-View Panoramas Using Depth and Multi-View Imagery
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Uittenbogaard_Privacy_Protection_in_Street-View_Panoramas_Using_Depth_and_Multi-View_Imagery_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Grounding Human-To-Vehicle Advice for Self-Driving Vehicles
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kim_Grounding_Human-To-Vehicle_Advice_for_Self-Driving_Vehicles_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Multi-Step Prediction of Occupancy Grid Maps With Recurrent Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Mohajerin_Multi-Step_Prediction_of_Occupancy_Grid_Maps_With_Recurrent_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Connecting Touch and Vision via Cross-Modal Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Connecting_Touch_and_Vision_via_Cross-Modal_Prediction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
X2CT-GAN: Reconstructing CT From Biplanar X-Rays With Generative Adversarial Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ying_X2CT-GAN_Reconstructing_CT_From_Biplanar_X-Rays_With_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Practical Full Resolution Learned Lossless Image Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Mentzer_Practical_Full_Resolution_Learned_Lossless_Image_Compression_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Image-To-Image Translation via Group-Wise Deep Whitening-And-Coloring Transformation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Cho_Image-To-Image_Translation_via_Group-Wise_Deep_Whitening-And-Coloring_Transformation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Max-Sliced Wasserstein Distance and Its Use for GANs
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Deshpande_Max-Sliced_Wasserstein_Distance_and_Its_Use_for_GANs_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Meta-Learning With Differentiable Convex Optimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lee_Meta-Learning_With_Differentiable_Convex_Optimization_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
RePr: Improved Training of Convolutional Filters
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Prakash_RePr_Improved_Training_of_Convolutional_Filters_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Tangent-Normal Adversarial Regularization for Semi-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yu_Tangent-Normal_Adversarial_Regularization_for_Semi-Supervised_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Auto-Encoding Scene Graphs for Image Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yang_Auto-Encoding_Scene_Graphs_for_Image_Captioning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Fast, Diverse and Accurate Image Captioning Guided by Part-Of-Speech
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Deshpande_Fast_Diverse_and_Accurate_Image_Captioning_Guided_by_Part-Of-Speech_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Attention Branch Network: Learning of Attention Mechanism for Visual Explanation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Fukui_Attention_Branch_Network_Learning_of_Attention_Mechanism_for_Visual_Explanation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Cascaded Projection: End-To-End Network Compression and Acceleration
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Minnehan_Cascaded_Projection_End-To-End_Network_Compression_and_Acceleration_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
DeepCaps: Going Deeper With Capsule Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Rajasegaran_DeepCaps_Going_Deeper_With_Capsule_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
FBNet: Hardware-Aware Efficient ConvNet Design via Differentiable Neural Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wu_FBNet_Hardware-Aware_Efficient_ConvNet_Design_via_Differentiable_Neural_Architecture_Search_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
APDrawingGAN: Generating Artistic Portrait Drawings From Face Photos With Hierarchical GANs
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yi_APDrawingGAN_Generating_Artistic_Portrait_Drawings_From_Face_Photos_With_Hierarchical_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Constrained Generative Adversarial Networks for Interactive Image Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Heim_Constrained_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_for_Interactive_Image_Generation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
WarpGAN: Automatic Caricature Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shi_WarpGAN_Automatic_Caricature_Generation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Explainability Methods for Graph Convolutional Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Pope_Explainability_Methods_for_Graph_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Generative Adversarial Density Estimator
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Abbasnejad_A_Generative_Adversarial_Density_Estimator_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
SoDeep: A Sorting Deep Net to Learn Ranking Loss Surrogates
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Engilberge_SoDeep_A_Sorting_Deep_Net_to_Learn_Ranking_Loss_Surrogates_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
High-Quality Face Capture Using Anatomical Muscles
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Bao_High-Quality_Face_Capture_Using_Anatomical_Muscles_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
FML: Face Model Learning From Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tewari_FML_Face_Model_Learning_From_Videos_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
AdaCos: Adaptively Scaling Cosine Logits for Effectively Learning Deep Face Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_AdaCos_Adaptively_Scaling_Cosine_Logits_for_Effectively_Learning_Deep_Face_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
3D Hand Shape and Pose Estimation From a Single RGB Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ge_3D_Hand_Shape_and_Pose_Estimation_From_a_Single_RGB_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
3D Hand Shape and Pose From Images in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Boukhayma_3D_Hand_Shape_and_Pose_From_Images_in_the_Wild_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised 3D Hand Pose Estimation Through Training by Fitting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wan_Self-Supervised_3D_Hand_Pose_Estimation_Through_Training_by_Fitting_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
CrowdPose: Efficient Crowded Scenes Pose Estimation and a New Benchmark
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_CrowdPose_Efficient_Crowded_Scenes_Pose_Estimation_and_a_New_Benchmark_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Towards Social Artificial Intelligence: Nonverbal Social Signal Prediction in a Triadic Interaction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Joo_Towards_Social_Artificial_Intelligence_Nonverbal_Social_Signal_Prediction_in_a_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
HoloPose: Holistic 3D Human Reconstruction In-The-Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Guler_HoloPose_Holistic_3D_Human_Reconstruction_In-The-Wild_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Weakly-Supervised Discovery of Geometry-Aware Representation for 3D Human Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Weakly-Supervised_Discovery_of_Geometry-Aware_Representation_for_3D_Human_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
In the Wild Human Pose Estimation Using Explicit 2D Features and Intermediate 3D Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Habibie_In_the_Wild_Human_Pose_Estimation_Using_Explicit_2D_Features_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Slim DensePose: Thrifty Learning From Sparse Annotations and Motion Cues
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Neverova_Slim_DensePose_Thrifty_Learning_From_Sparse_Annotations_and_Motion_Cues_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Representation Learning From Videos for Facial Action Unit Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Self-Supervised_Representation_Learning_From_Videos_for_Facial_Action_Unit_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Combining 3D Morphable Models: A Large Scale Face-And-Head Model
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ploumpis_Combining_3D_Morphable_Models_A_Large_Scale_Face-And-Head_Model_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Boosting Local Shape Matching for Dense 3D Face Correspondence
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Fan_Boosting_Local_Shape_Matching_for_Dense_3D_Face_Correspondence_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Part-Based Disentangling of Object Shape and Appearance
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lorenz_Unsupervised_Part-Based_Disentangling_of_Object_Shape_and_Appearance_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Monocular Total Capture: Posing Face, Body, and Hands in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Xiang_Monocular_Total_Capture_Posing_Face_Body_and_Hands_in_the_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Expressive Body Capture: 3D Hands, Face, and Body From a Single Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Pavlakos_Expressive_Body_Capture_3D_Hands_Face_and_Body_From_a_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Neural RGB(r)D Sensing: Depth and Uncertainty From a Video Camera
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Neural_RGBrD_Sensing_Depth_and_Uncertainty_From_a_Video_Camera_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
DAVANet: Stereo Deblurring With View Aggregation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhou_DAVANet_Stereo_Deblurring_With_View_Aggregation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
DVC: An End-To-End Deep Video Compression Framework
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lu_DVC_An_End-To-End_Deep_Video_Compression_Framework_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
SOSNet: Second Order Similarity Regularization for Local Descriptor Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tian_SOSNet_Second_Order_Similarity_Regularization_for_Local_Descriptor_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
"Double-DIP": Unsupervised Image Decomposition via Coupled Deep-Image-Priors
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gandelsman_Double-DIP_Unsupervised_Image_Decomposition_via_Coupled_Deep-Image-Priors_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Unprocessing Images for Learned Raw Denoising
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Brooks_Unprocessing_Images_for_Learned_Raw_Denoising_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Residual Networks for Light Field Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Residual_Networks_for_Light_Field_Image_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Modulating Image Restoration With Continual Levels via Adaptive Feature Modification Layers
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/He_Modulating_Image_Restoration_With_Continual_Levels_via_Adaptive_Feature_Modification_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Second-Order Attention Network for Single Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Dai_Second-Order_Attention_Network_for_Single_Image_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Devil Is in the Edges: Learning Semantic Boundaries From Noisy Annotations
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Acuna_Devil_Is_in_the_Edges_Learning_Semantic_Boundaries_From_Noisy_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Path-Invariant Map Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Path-Invariant_Map_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
FilterReg: Robust and Efficient Probabilistic Point-Set Registration Using Gaussian Filter and Twist Parameterization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gao_FilterReg_Robust_and_Efficient_Probabilistic_Point-Set_Registration_Using_Gaussian_Filter_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Probabilistic Permutation Synchronization Using the Riemannian Structure of the Birkhoff Polytope
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Birdal_Probabilistic_Permutation_Synchronization_Using_the_Riemannian_Structure_of_the_Birkhoff_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Lifting Vectorial Variational Problems: A Natural Formulation Based on Geometric Measure Theory and Discrete Exterior Calculus
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Mollenhoff_Lifting_Vectorial_Variational_Problems_A_Natural_Formulation_Based_on_Geometric_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Sufficient Condition for Convergences of Adam and RMSProp
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zou_A_Sufficient_Condition_for_Convergences_of_Adam_and_RMSProp_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Guaranteed Matrix Completion Under Multiple Linear Transformations
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Guaranteed_Matrix_Completion_Under_Multiple_Linear_Transformations_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
MAP Inference via Block-Coordinate Frank-Wolfe Algorithm
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Swoboda_MAP_Inference_via_Block-Coordinate_Frank-Wolfe_Algorithm_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Convex Relaxation for Multi-Graph Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Swoboda_A_Convex_Relaxation_for_Multi-Graph_Matching_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Pixel-Adaptive Convolutional Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Su_Pixel-Adaptive_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Single-Frame Regularization for Temporally Stable CNNs
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Eilertsen_Single-Frame_Regularization_for_Temporally_Stable_CNNs_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
An End-To-End Network for Generating Social Relationship Graphs
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Goel_An_End-To-End_Network_for_Generating_Social_Relationship_Graphs_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Meta-Learning Convolutional Neural Architectures for Multi-Target Concrete Defect Classification With the COncrete DEfect BRidge IMage Dataset
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Mundt_Meta-Learning_Convolutional_Neural_Architectures_for_Multi-Target_Concrete_Defect_Classification_With_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
ECC: Platform-Independent Energy-Constrained Deep Neural Network Compression via a Bilinear Regression Model
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yang_ECC_Platform-Independent_Energy-Constrained_Deep_Neural_Network_Compression_via_a_Bilinear_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
SeerNet: Predicting Convolutional Neural Network Feature-Map Sparsity Through Low-Bit Quantization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Cao_SeerNet_Predicting_Convolutional_Neural_Network_Feature-Map_Sparsity_Through_Low-Bit_Quantization_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Defending Against Adversarial Attacks by Randomized Diversification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Taran_Defending_Against_Adversarial_Attacks_by_Randomized_Diversification_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Rob-GAN: Generator, Discriminator, and Adversarial Attacker
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Rob-GAN_Generator_Discriminator_and_Adversarial_Attacker_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning From Noisy Labels by Regularized Estimation of Annotator Confusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tanno_Learning_From_Noisy_Labels_by_Regularized_Estimation_of_Annotator_Confusion_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Task-Free Continual Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Aljundi_Task-Free_Continual_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Importance Estimation for Neural Network Pruning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Molchanov_Importance_Estimation_for_Neural_Network_Pruning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Detecting Overfitting of Deep Generative Networks via Latent Recovery
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Webster_Detecting_Overfitting_of_Deep_Generative_Networks_via_Latent_Recovery_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Coloring With Limited Data: Few-Shot Colorization via Memory Augmented Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yoo_Coloring_With_Limited_Data_Few-Shot_Colorization_via_Memory_Augmented_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Characterizing and Avoiding Negative Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Characterizing_and_Avoiding_Negative_Transfer_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Building Efficient Deep Neural Networks With Unitary Group Convolutions
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhao_Building_Efficient_Deep_Neural_Networks_With_Unitary_Group_Convolutions_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised Learning With Graph Learning-Convolutional Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Jiang_Semi-Supervised_Learning_With_Graph_Learning-Convolutional_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Remember: A Synaptic Plasticity Driven Framework for Continual Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ostapenko_Learning_to_Remember_A_Synaptic_Plasticity_Driven_Framework_for_Continual_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
AIRD: Adversarial Learning Framework for Image Repurposing Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Jaiswal_AIRD_Adversarial_Learning_Framework_for_Image_Repurposing_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Kernelized Manifold Mapping to Diminish the Effect of Adversarial Perturbations
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Taghanaki_A_Kernelized_Manifold_Mapping_to_Diminish_the_Effect_of_Adversarial_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Trust Region Based Adversarial Attack on Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yao_Trust_Region_Based_Adversarial_Attack_on_Neural_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
PEPSI : Fast Image Inpainting With Parallel Decoding Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Sagong_PEPSI__Fast_Image_Inpainting_With_Parallel_Decoding_Network_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Model-Blind Video Denoising via Frame-To-Frame Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ehret_Model-Blind_Video_Denoising_via_Frame-To-Frame_Training_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
End-To-End Efficient Representation Learning via Cascading Combinatorial Optimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Jeong_End-To-End_Efficient_Representation_Learning_via_Cascading_Combinatorial_Optimization_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Sim-Real Joint Reinforcement Transfer for 3D Indoor Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhu_Sim-Real_Joint_Reinforcement_Transfer_for_3D_Indoor_Navigation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
ChamNet: Towards Efficient Network Design Through Platform-Aware Model Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Dai_ChamNet_Towards_Efficient_Network_Design_Through_Platform-Aware_Model_Adaptation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Regularizing Activation Distribution for Training Binarized Deep Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ding_Regularizing_Activation_Distribution_for_Training_Binarized_Deep_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Robustness Verification of Classification Deep Neural Networks via Linear Programming
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lin_Robustness_Verification_of_Classification_Deep_Neural_Networks_via_Linear_Programming_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Additive Adversarial Learning for Unbiased Authentication
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liang_Additive_Adversarial_Learning_for_Unbiased_Authentication_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Simultaneously Optimizing Weight and Quantizer of Ternary Neural Network Using Truncated Gaussian Approximation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/He_Simultaneously_Optimizing_Weight_and_Quantizer_of_Ternary_Neural_Network_Using_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Adversarial Defense by Stratified Convolutional Sparse Coding
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Sun_Adversarial_Defense_by_Stratified_Convolutional_Sparse_Coding_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Exploring Object Relation in Mean Teacher for Cross-Domain Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Cai_Exploring_Object_Relation_in_Mean_Teacher_for_Cross-Domain_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Hierarchical Disentanglement of Discriminative Latent Features for Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tong_Hierarchical_Disentanglement_of_Discriminative_Latent_Features_for_Zero-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
R2GAN: Cross-Modal Recipe Retrieval With Generative Adversarial Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhu_R2GAN_Cross-Modal_Recipe_Retrieval_With_Generative_Adversarial_Network_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Rethinking Knowledge Graph Propagation for Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kampffmeyer_Rethinking_Knowledge_Graph_Propagation_for_Zero-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Learn Image Classifiers With Visual Analogy
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhou_Learning_to_Learn_Image_Classifiers_With_Visual_Analogy_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Where's Wally Now? Deep Generative and Discriminative Embeddings for Novelty Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Burlina_Wheres_Wally_Now_Deep_Generative_and_Discriminative_Embeddings_for_Novelty_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Image Classification Through Noise Regularization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hu_Weakly_Supervised_Image_Classification_Through_Noise_Regularization_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Data-Driven Neuron Allocation for Scale Aggregation Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Data-Driven_Neuron_Allocation_for_Scale_Aggregation_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Graphical Contrastive Losses for Scene Graph Parsing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Graphical_Contrastive_Losses_for_Scene_Graph_Parsing_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Transfer Learning for Multiple Class Novelty Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Perera_Deep_Transfer_Learning_for_Multiple_Class_Novelty_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
QATM: Quality-Aware Template Matching for Deep Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Cheng_QATM_Quality-Aware_Template_Matching_for_Deep_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Retrieval-Augmented Convolutional Neural Networks Against Adversarial Examples
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhao_Retrieval-Augmented_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_Against_Adversarial_Examples_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Cross-Modal Embeddings With Adversarial Networks for Cooking Recipes and Food Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Learning_Cross-Modal_Embeddings_With_Adversarial_Networks_for_Cooking_Recipes_and_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
FastDraw: Addressing the Long Tail of Lane Detection by Adapting a Sequential Prediction Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Philion_FastDraw_Addressing_the_Long_Tail_of_Lane_Detection_by_Adapting_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Video Moment Retrieval From Text Queries
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Mithun_Weakly_Supervised_Video_Moment_Retrieval_From_Text_Queries_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Content-Aware Multi-Level Guidance for Interactive Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Majumder_Content-Aware_Multi-Level_Guidance_for_Interactive_Instance_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Greedy Structure Learning of Hierarchical Compositional Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kortylewski_Greedy_Structure_Learning_of_Hierarchical_Compositional_Models_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Interactive Full Image Segmentation by Considering All Regions Jointly
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Agustsson_Interactive_Full_Image_Segmentation_by_Considering_All_Regions_Jointly_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Active Contour Models for Medical Image Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Learning_Active_Contour_Models_for_Medical_Image_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Customizable Architecture Search for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Customizable_Architecture_Search_for_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Local Features and Visual Words Emerge in Activations
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Simeoni_Local_Features_and_Visual_Words_Emerge_in_Activations_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Hyperspectral Image Super-Resolution With Optimized RGB Guidance
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Fu_Hyperspectral_Image_Super-Resolution_With_Optimized_RGB_Guidance_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Adaptive Confidence Smoothing for Generalized Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Atzmon_Adaptive_Confidence_Smoothing_for_Generalized_Zero-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
PMS-Net: Robust Haze Removal Based on Patch Map for Single Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_PMS-Net_Robust_Haze_Removal_Based_on_Patch_Map_for_Single_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Spherical Quantization for Image Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Eghbali_Deep_Spherical_Quantization_for_Image_Search_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Large-Scale Interactive Object Segmentation With Human Annotators
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Benenson_Large-Scale_Interactive_Object_Segmentation_With_Human_Annotators_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Poisson-Gaussian Denoising Dataset With Real Fluorescence Microscopy Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_A_Poisson-Gaussian_Denoising_Dataset_With_Real_Fluorescence_Microscopy_Images_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Task Agnostic Meta-Learning for Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Jamal_Task_Agnostic_Meta-Learning_for_Few-Shot_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Progressive Ensemble Networks for Zero-Shot Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ye_Progressive_Ensemble_Networks_for_Zero-Shot_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Direct Object Recognition Without Line-Of-Sight Using Optical Coherence
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lei_Direct_Object_Recognition_Without_Line-Of-Sight_Using_Optical_Coherence_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Atlas of Digital Pathology: A Generalized Hierarchical Histological Tissue Type-Annotated Database for Deep Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hosseini_Atlas_of_Digital_Pathology_A_Generalized_Hierarchical_Histological_Tissue_Type-Annotated_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Perturbation Analysis of the 8-Point Algorithm: A Case Study for Wide FoV Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/da_Silveira_Perturbation_Analysis_of_the_8-Point_Algorithm_A_Case_Study_for_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Robustness of 3D Deep Learning in an Adversarial Setting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wicker_Robustness_of_3D_Deep_Learning_in_an_Adversarial_Setting_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
SceneCode: Monocular Dense Semantic Reconstruction Using Learned Encoded Scene Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhi_SceneCode_Monocular_Dense_Semantic_Reconstruction_Using_Learned_Encoded_Scene_Representations_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
StereoDRNet: Dilated Residual StereoNet
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chabra_StereoDRNet_Dilated_Residual_StereoNet_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
The Alignment of the Spheres: Globally-Optimal Spherical Mixture Alignment for Camera Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Campbell_The_Alignment_of_the_Spheres_Globally-Optimal_Spherical_Mixture_Alignment_for_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Joint Reconstruction of Hands and Manipulated Objects
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hasson_Learning_Joint_Reconstruction_of_Hands_and_Manipulated_Objects_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Single Image Camera Calibration With Radial Distortion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lopez_Deep_Single_Image_Camera_Calibration_With_Radial_Distortion_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
CAM-Convs: Camera-Aware Multi-Scale Convolutions for Single-View Depth
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Facil_CAM-Convs_Camera-Aware_Multi-Scale_Convolutions_for_Single-View_Depth_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Translate-to-Recognize Networks for RGB-D Scene Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Du_Translate-to-Recognize_Networks_for_RGB-D_Scene_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Re-Identification Supervised Texture Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Re-Identification_Supervised_Texture_Generation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Action4D: Online Action Recognition in the Crowd and Clutter
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/You_Action4D_Online_Action_Recognition_in_the_Crowd_and_Clutter_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Monocular 3D Object Detection Leveraging Accurate Proposals and Shape Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ku_Monocular_3D_Object_Detection_Leveraging_Accurate_Proposals_and_Shape_Reconstruction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Attribute-Aware Face Aging With Wavelet-Based Generative Adversarial Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Attribute-Aware_Face_Aging_With_Wavelet-Based_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Noise-Tolerant Paradigm for Training Face Recognition CNNs
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Hu_Noise-Tolerant_Paradigm_for_Training_Face_Recognition_CNNs_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Low-Rank Laplacian-Uniform Mixed Model for Robust Face Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Dong_Low-Rank_Laplacian-Uniform_Mixed_Model_for_Robust_Face_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Generalizing Eye Tracking With Bayesian Adversarial Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Generalizing_Eye_Tracking_With_Bayesian_Adversarial_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Local Relationship Learning With Person-Specific Shape Regularization for Facial Action Unit Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Niu_Local_Relationship_Learning_With_Person-Specific_Shape_Regularization_for_Facial_Action_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Point-To-Pose Voting Based Hand Pose Estimation Using Residual Permutation Equivariant Layer
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Point-To-Pose_Voting_Based_Hand_Pose_Estimation_Using_Residual_Permutation_Equivariant_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Improving Few-Shot User-Specific Gaze Adaptation via Gaze Redirection Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yu_Improving_Few-Shot_User-Specific_Gaze_Adaptation_via_Gaze_Redirection_Synthesis_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
AdaptiveFace: Adaptive Margin and Sampling for Face Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_AdaptiveFace_Adaptive_Margin_and_Sampling_for_Face_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Disentangled Representation Learning for 3D Face Shape
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Jiang_Disentangled_Representation_Learning_for_3D_Face_Shape_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
LBS Autoencoder: Self-Supervised Fitting of Articulated Meshes to Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_LBS_Autoencoder_Self-Supervised_Fitting_of_Articulated_Meshes_to_Point_Clouds_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
PifPaf: Composite Fields for Human Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kreiss_PifPaf_Composite_Fields_for_Human_Pose_Estimation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
TACNet: Transition-Aware Context Network for Spatio-Temporal Action Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Song_TACNet_Transition-Aware_Context_Network_for_Spatio-Temporal_Action_Detection_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Regularity in Skeleton Trajectories for Anomaly Detection in Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Morais_Learning_Regularity_in_Skeleton_Trajectories_for_Anomaly_Detection_in_Videos_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Local Temporal Bilinear Pooling for Fine-Grained Action Parsing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Local_Temporal_Bilinear_Pooling_for_Fine-Grained_Action_Parsing_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Improving Action Localization by Progressive Cross-Stream Cooperation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Su_Improving_Action_Localization_by_Progressive_Cross-Stream_Cooperation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Two-Stream Adaptive Graph Convolutional Networks for Skeleton-Based Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shi_Two-Stream_Adaptive_Graph_Convolutional_Networks_for_Skeleton-Based_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Neural Network Based on SPD Manifold Learning for Skeleton-Based Hand Gesture Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Nguyen_A_Neural_Network_Based_on_SPD_Manifold_Learning_for_Skeleton-Based_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Large-Scale Weakly-Supervised Pre-Training for Video Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ghadiyaram_Large-Scale_Weakly-Supervised_Pre-Training_for_Video_Action_Recognition_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Spatio-Temporal Representation With Local and Global Diffusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Qiu_Learning_Spatio-Temporal_Representation_With_Local_and_Global_Diffusion_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Learning of Action Classes With Continuous Temporal Embedding
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kukleva_Unsupervised_Learning_of_Action_Classes_With_Continuous_Temporal_Embedding_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Double Nuclear Norm Based Low Rank Representation on Grassmann Manifolds for Clustering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Piao_Double_Nuclear_Norm_Based_Low_Rank_Representation_on_Grassmann_Manifolds_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
SR-LSTM: State Refinement for LSTM Towards Pedestrian Trajectory Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_SR-LSTM_State_Refinement_for_LSTM_Towards_Pedestrian_Trajectory_Prediction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Deep Epipolar Flow for Stationary or Dynamic Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhong_Unsupervised_Deep_Epipolar_Flow_for_Stationary_or_Dynamic_Scenes_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
An Efficient Schmidt-EKF for 3D Visual-Inertial SLAM
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Geneva_An_Efficient_Schmidt-EKF_for_3D_Visual-Inertial_SLAM_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Neural Temporal Model for Human Motion Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gopalakrishnan_A_Neural_Temporal_Model_for_Human_Motion_Prediction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Multi-Agent Tensor Fusion for Contextual Trajectory Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhao_Multi-Agent_Tensor_Fusion_for_Contextual_Trajectory_Prediction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Coordinate-Based Texture Inpainting for Pose-Guided Human Image Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Grigorev_Coordinate-Based_Texture_Inpainting_for_Pose-Guided_Human_Image_Generation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
On Stabilizing Generative Adversarial Training With Noise
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Jenni_On_Stabilizing_Generative_Adversarial_Training_With_Noise_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised GANs via Auxiliary Rotation Loss
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_Self-Supervised_GANs_via_Auxiliary_Rotation_Loss_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Texture Mixer: A Network for Controllable Synthesis and Interpolation of Texture
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yu_Texture_Mixer_A_Network_for_Controllable_Synthesis_and_Interpolation_of_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Object-Driven Text-To-Image Synthesis via Adversarial Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Object-Driven_Text-To-Image_Synthesis_via_Adversarial_Training_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Zoom-In-To-Check: Boosting Video Interpolation via Instance-Level Discrimination
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yuan_Zoom-In-To-Check_Boosting_Video_Interpolation_via_Instance-Level_Discrimination_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Disentangling Latent Space for VAE by Label Relevant/Irrelevant Dimensions
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zheng_Disentangling_Latent_Space_for_VAE_by_Label_RelevantIrrelevant_Dimensions_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Spectral Reconstruction From Dispersive Blur: A Novel Light Efficient Spectral Imager
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhao_Spectral_Reconstruction_From_Dispersive_Blur_A_Novel_Light_Efficient_Spectral_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Quasi-Unsupervised Color Constancy
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Bianco_Quasi-Unsupervised_Color_Constancy_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Defocus Map Estimation Using Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lee_Deep_Defocus_Map_Estimation_Using_Domain_Adaptation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Using Unknown Occluders to Recover Hidden Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yedidia_Using_Unknown_Occluders_to_Recover_Hidden_Scenes_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Competitive Collaboration: Joint Unsupervised Learning of Depth, Camera Motion, Optical Flow and Motion Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ranjan_Competitive_Collaboration_Joint_Unsupervised_Learning_of_Depth_Camera_Motion_Optical_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Parallax Attention for Stereo Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Learning_Parallax_Attention_for_Stereo_Image_Super-Resolution_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Knowing When to Stop: Evaluation and Verification of Conformity to Output-Size Specifications
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Knowing_When_to_Stop_Evaluation_and_Verification_of_Conformity_to_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Spatial Attentive Single-Image Deraining With a High Quality Real Rain Dataset
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Spatial_Attentive_Single-Image_Deraining_With_a_High_Quality_Real_Rain_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Focus Is All You Need: Loss Functions for Event-Based Vision
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gallego_Focus_Is_All_You_Need_Loss_Functions_for_Event-Based_Vision_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Scalable Convolutional Neural Network for Image Compressed Sensing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shi_Scalable_Convolutional_Neural_Network_for_Image_Compressed_Sensing_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Event Cameras, Contrast Maximization and Reward Functions: An Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Stoffregen_Event_Cameras_Contrast_Maximization_and_Reward_Functions_An_Analysis_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Convolutional Neural Networks Can Be Deceived by Visual Illusions
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Gomez-Villa_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_Can_Be_Deceived_by_Visual_Illusions_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
PDE Acceleration for Active Contours
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yezzi_PDE_Acceleration_for_Active_Contours_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Dichromatic Model Based Temporal Color Constancy for AC Light Sources
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Yoo_Dichromatic_Model_Based_Temporal_Color_Constancy_for_AC_Light_Sources_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Semantic Attribute Matching Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kim_Semantic_Attribute_Matching_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Skin-Based Identification From Multispectral Image Data Using CNNs
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Uemori_Skin-Based_Identification_From_Multispectral_Image_Data_Using_CNNs_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Large-Scale Distributed Second-Order Optimization Using Kronecker-Factored Approximate Curvature for Deep Convolutional Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Osawa_Large-Scale_Distributed_Second-Order_Optimization_Using_Kronecker-Factored_Approximate_Curvature_for_Deep_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Putting Humans in a Scene: Learning Affordance in 3D Indoor Environments
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Putting_Humans_in_a_Scene_Learning_Affordance_in_3D_Indoor_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
PIEs: Pose Invariant Embeddings
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Ho_PIEs_Pose_Invariant_Embeddings_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Representation Similarity Analysis for Efficient Task Taxonomy & Transfer Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Dwivedi_Representation_Similarity_Analysis_for_Efficient_Task_Taxonomy__Transfer_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Object Counting and Instance Segmentation With Image-Level Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Cholakkal_Object_Counting_and_Instance_Segmentation_With_Image-Level_Supervision_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Variational Autoencoders Pursue PCA Directions (by Accident)
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Rolinek_Variational_Autoencoders_Pursue_PCA_Directions_by_Accident_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Relation-Augmented Fully Convolutional Network for Semantic Segmentation in Aerial Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Mou_A_Relation-Augmented_Fully_Convolutional_Network_for_Semantic_Segmentation_in_Aerial_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Temporal Transformer Networks: Joint Learning of Invariant and Discriminative Time Warping
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lohit_Temporal_Transformer_Networks_Joint_Learning_of_Invariant_and_Discriminative_Time_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
PCAN: 3D Attention Map Learning Using Contextual Information for Point Cloud Based Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_PCAN_3D_Attention_Map_Learning_Using_Contextual_Information_for_Point_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Depth Coefficients for Depth Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Imran_Depth_Coefficients_for_Depth_Completion_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Diversify and Match: A Domain Adaptive Representation Learning Paradigm for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kim_Diversify_and_Match_A_Domain_Adaptive_Representation_Learning_Paradigm_for_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Good News, Everyone! Context Driven Entity-Aware Captioning for News Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Biten_Good_News_Everyone_Context_Driven_Entity-Aware_Captioning_for_News_Images_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Multi-Level Multimodal Common Semantic Space for Image-Phrase Grounding
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Akbari_Multi-Level_Multimodal_Common_Semantic_Space_for_Image-Phrase_Grounding_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Spatio-Temporal Dynamics and Semantic Attribute Enriched Visual Encoding for Video Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Aafaq_Spatio-Temporal_Dynamics_and_Semantic_Attribute_Enriched_Visual_Encoding_for_Video_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Pointing Novel Objects in Image Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Li_Pointing_Novel_Objects_in_Image_Captioning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Informative Object Annotations: Tell Me Something I Don't Know
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Bracha_Informative_Object_Annotations_Tell_Me_Something_I_Dont_Know_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Engaging Image Captioning via Personality
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Shuster_Engaging_Image_Captioning_via_Personality_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Vision-Based Navigation With Language-Based Assistance via Imitation Learning With Indirect Intervention
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Nguyen_Vision-Based_Navigation_With_Language-Based_Assistance_via_Imitation_Learning_With_Indirect_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
TOUCHDOWN: Natural Language Navigation and Spatial Reasoning in Visual Street Environments
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Chen_TOUCHDOWN_Natural_Language_Navigation_and_Spatial_Reasoning_in_Visual_Street_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
A Simple Baseline for Audio-Visual Scene-Aware Dialog
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Schwartz_A_Simple_Baseline_for_Audio-Visual_Scene-Aware_Dialog_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
End-To-End Learned Random Walker for Seeded Image Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Cerrone_End-To-End_Learned_Random_Walker_for_Seeded_Image_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Efficient Neural Network Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Kim_Efficient_Neural_Network_Compression_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Cascaded Generative and Discriminative Learning for Microcalcification Detection in Breast Mammograms
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_Cascaded_Generative_and_Discriminative_Learning_for_Microcalcification_Detection_in_Breast_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
C3AE: Exploring the Limits of Compact Model for Age Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhang_C3AE_Exploring_the_Limits_of_Compact_Model_for_Age_Estimation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Adaptive Weighting Multi-Field-Of-View CNN for Semantic Segmentation in Pathology
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Tokunaga_Adaptive_Weighting_Multi-Field-Of-View_CNN_for_Semantic_Segmentation_in_Pathology_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
In Defense of Pre-Trained ImageNet Architectures for Real-Time Semantic Segmentation of Road-Driving Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Orsic_In_Defense_of_Pre-Trained_ImageNet_Architectures_for_Real-Time_Semantic_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Context-Aware Visual Compatibility Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Cucurull_Context-Aware_Visual_Compatibility_Prediction_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Sim-To-Real via Sim-To-Sim: Data-Efficient Robotic Grasping via Randomized-To-Canonical Adaptation Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/James_Sim-To-Real_via_Sim-To-Sim_Data-Efficient_Robotic_Grasping_via_Randomized-To-Canonical_Adaptation_Networks_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Multiview 2D/3D Rigid Registration via a Point-Of-Interest Network for Tracking and Triangulation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liao_Multiview_2D3D_Rigid_Registration_via_a_Point-Of-Interest_Network_for_Tracking_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Context-Aware Spatio-Recurrent Curvilinear Structure Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Wang_Context-Aware_Spatio-Recurrent_Curvilinear_Structure_Segmentation_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
An Alternative Deep Feature Approach to Line Level Keyword Spotting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Retsinas_An_Alternative_Deep_Feature_Approach_to_Line_Level_Keyword_Spotting_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Dynamics Are Important for the Recognition of Equine Pain in Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Broome_Dynamics_Are_Important_for_the_Recognition_of_Equine_Pain_in_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
LaserNet: An Efficient Probabilistic 3D Object Detector for Autonomous Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Meyer_LaserNet_An_Efficient_Probabilistic_3D_Object_Detector_for_Autonomous_Driving_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Machine Vision Guided 3D Medical Image Compression for Efficient Transmission and Accurate Segmentation in the Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Liu_Machine_Vision_Guided_3D_Medical_Image_Compression_for_Efficient_Transmission_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
PointPillars: Fast Encoders for Object Detection From Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Lang_PointPillars_Fast_Encoders_for_Object_Detection_From_Point_Clouds_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Motion Estimation of Non-Holonomic Ground Vehicles From a Single Feature Correspondence Measured Over N Views
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Huang_Motion_Estimation_of_Non-Holonomic_Ground_Vehicles_From_a_Single_Feature_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
From Coarse to Fine: Robust Hierarchical Localization at Large Scale
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Sarlin_From_Coarse_to_Fine_Robust_Hierarchical_Localization_at_Large_Scale_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Large Scale High-Resolution Land Cover Mapping With Multi-Resolution Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Robinson_Large_Scale_High-Resolution_Land_Cover_Mapping_With_Multi-Resolution_Data_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
Leveraging Heterogeneous Auxiliary Tasks to Assist Crowd Counting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_CVPR_2019/papers/Zhao_Leveraging_Heterogeneous_Auxiliary_Tasks_to_Assist_Crowd_Counting_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf
