C2N: Practical Generative Noise Modeling for Real-World Denoising
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jang_C2N_Practical_Generative_Noise_Modeling_for_Real-World_Denoising_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Continual Learning on Noisy Data Streams via Self-Purified Replay
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_Continual_Learning_on_Noisy_Data_Streams_via_Self-Purified_Replay_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
PlenOctrees for Real-Time Rendering of Neural Radiance Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yu_PlenOctrees_for_Real-Time_Rendering_of_Neural_Radiance_Fields_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Entropy Maximization and Meta Classification for Out-of-Distribution Detection in Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chan_Entropy_Maximization_and_Meta_Classification_for_Out-of-Distribution_Detection_in_Semantic_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Specificity-Preserving RGB-D Saliency Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhou_Specificity-Preserving_RGB-D_Saliency_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
3DVG-Transformer: Relation Modeling for Visual Grounding on Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhao_3DVG-Transformer_Relation_Modeling_for_Visual_Grounding_on_Point_Clouds_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Patch Craft: Video Denoising by Deep Modeling and Patch Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Vaksman_Patch_Craft_Video_Denoising_by_Deep_Modeling_and_Patch_Matching_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Ask&amp;Confirm: Active Detail Enriching for Cross-Modal Retrieval With Partial Query
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cai_AskConfirm_Active_Detail_Enriching_for_Cross-Modal_Retrieval_With_Partial_Query_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Exploiting Explanations for Model Inversion Attacks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhao_Exploiting_Explanations_for_Model_Inversion_Attacks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Semantic Diversity Learning for Zero-Shot Multi-Label Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ben-Cohen_Semantic_Diversity_Learning_for_Zero-Shot_Multi-Label_Classification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Describing and Localizing Multiple Changes With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Qiu_Describing_and_Localizing_Multiple_Changes_With_Transformers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Score-Based Point Cloud Denoising
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Luo_Score-Based_Point_Cloud_Denoising_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Panoptic Segmentation of Satellite Image Time Series With Convolutional Temporal Attention Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Garnot_Panoptic_Segmentation_of_Satellite_Image_Time_Series_With_Convolutional_Temporal_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Pyramid Vision Transformer: A Versatile Backbone for Dense Prediction Without Convolutions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Pyramid_Vision_Transformer_A_Versatile_Backbone_for_Dense_Prediction_Without_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Light Source Guided Single-Image Flare Removal From Unpaired Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Qiao_Light_Source_Guided_Single-Image_Flare_Removal_From_Unpaired_Data_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
RDI-Net: Relational Dynamic Inference Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_RDI-Net_Relational_Dynamic_Inference_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ARAPReg: An As-Rigid-As Possible Regularization Loss for Learning Deformable Shape Generators
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Huang_ARAPReg_An_As-Rigid-As_Possible_Regularization_Loss_for_Learning_Deformable_Shape_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Online Refinement of Low-Level Feature Based Activation Map for Weakly Supervised Object Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xie_Online_Refinement_of_Low-Level_Feature_Based_Activation_Map_for_Weakly_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Long-Term Temporally Consistent Unpaired Video Translation From Simulated Surgical 3D Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Rivoir_Long-Term_Temporally_Consistent_Unpaired_Video_Translation_From_Simulated_Surgical_3D_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
TempNet: Online Semantic Segmentation on Large-Scale Point Cloud Series
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhou_TempNet_Online_Semantic_Segmentation_on_Large-Scale_Point_Cloud_Series_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Query Adaptive Few-Shot Object Detection With Heterogeneous Graph Convolutional Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Han_Query_Adaptive_Few-Shot_Object_Detection_With_Heterogeneous_Graph_Convolutional_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ResRep: Lossless CNN Pruning via Decoupling Remembering and Forgetting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ding_ResRep_Lossless_CNN_Pruning_via_Decoupling_Remembering_and_Forgetting_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Generalize Then Adapt: Source-Free Domain Adaptive Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kundu_Generalize_Then_Adapt_Source-Free_Domain_Adaptive_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
T-Net: Effective Permutation-Equivariant Network for Two-View Correspondence Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhong_T-Net_Effective_Permutation-Equivariant_Network_for_Two-View_Correspondence_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Temporal Cue Guided Video Highlight Detection With Low-Rank Audio-Visual Fusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ye_Temporal_Cue_Guided_Video_Highlight_Detection_With_Low-Rank_Audio-Visual_Fusion_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Adversarial VQA: A New Benchmark for Evaluating the Robustness of VQA Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Adversarial_VQA_A_New_Benchmark_for_Evaluating_the_Robustness_of_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
S3VAADA: Submodular Subset Selection for Virtual Adversarial Active Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Rangwani_S3VAADA_Submodular_Subset_Selection_for_Virtual_Adversarial_Active_Domain_Adaptation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Cross-Sentence Temporal and Semantic Relations in Video Activity Localisation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Huang_Cross-Sentence_Temporal_and_Semantic_Relations_in_Video_Activity_Localisation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Feature Interactive Representation for Point Cloud Registration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_Feature_Interactive_Representation_for_Point_Cloud_Registration_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Walk in the Cloud: Learning Curves for Point Clouds Shape Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xiang_Walk_in_the_Cloud_Learning_Curves_for_Point_Clouds_Shape_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Neural Networks for Spectral Snapshot Compressive Imaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Meng_Self-Supervised_Neural_Networks_for_Spectral_Snapshot_Compressive_Imaging_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Group-Aware Contrastive Regression for Action Quality Assessment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yu_Group-Aware_Contrastive_Regression_for_Action_Quality_Assessment_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
The Road To Know-Where: An Object-and-Room Informed Sequential BERT for Indoor Vision-Language Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Qi_The_Road_To_Know-Where_An_Object-and-Room_Informed_Sequential_BERT_for_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Sampling Network Guided Cross-Entropy Method for Unsupervised Point Cloud Registration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jiang_Sampling_Network_Guided_Cross-Entropy_Method_for_Unsupervised_Point_Cloud_Registration_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
OadTR: Online Action Detection With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_OadTR_Online_Action_Detection_With_Transformers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Mutual-Complementing Framework for Nuclei Detection and Segmentation in Pathology Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Feng_Mutual-Complementing_Framework_for_Nuclei_Detection_and_Segmentation_in_Pathology_Image_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Graph Constrained Data Representation Learning for Human Motion Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Dimiccoli_Graph_Constrained_Data_Representation_Learning_for_Human_Motion_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Spatial and Semantic Consistency Regularizations for Pedestrian Attribute Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jia_Spatial_and_Semantic_Consistency_Regularizations_for_Pedestrian_Attribute_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Morphable Detector for Object Detection on Demand
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhao_Morphable_Detector_for_Object_Detection_on_Demand_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Stacked Homography Transformations for Multi-View Pedestrian Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Song_Stacked_Homography_Transformations_for_Multi-View_Pedestrian_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Env-QA: A Video Question Answering Benchmark for Comprehensive Understanding of Dynamic Environments
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gao_Env-QA_A_Video_Question_Answering_Benchmark_for_Comprehensive_Understanding_of_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Image Retrieval on Real-Life Images With Pre-Trained Vision-and-Language Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Image_Retrieval_on_Real-Life_Images_With_Pre-Trained_Vision-and-Language_Models_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Feature Importance-Aware Transferable Adversarial Attacks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Feature_Importance-Aware_Transferable_Adversarial_Attacks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Exploring Classification Equilibrium in Long-Tailed Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Feng_Exploring_Classification_Equilibrium_in_Long-Tailed_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Meta Gradient Adversarial Attack
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yuan_Meta_Gradient_Adversarial_Attack_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Differentiable Convolution Search for Point Cloud Processing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Nie_Differentiable_Convolution_Search_for_Point_Cloud_Processing_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Zero-Shot Day-Night Domain Adaptation With a Physics Prior
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lengyel_Zero-Shot_Day-Night_Domain_Adaptation_With_a_Physics_Prior_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Minimal Solutions for Panoramic Stitching Given Gravity Prior
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ding_Minimal_Solutions_for_Panoramic_Stitching_Given_Gravity_Prior_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Vi2CLR: Video and Image for Visual Contrastive Learning of Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Diba_Vi2CLR_Video_and_Image_for_Visual_Contrastive_Learning_of_Representation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
G-DetKD: Towards General Distillation Framework for Object Detectors via Contrastive and Semantic-Guided Feature Imitation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yao_G-DetKD_Towards_General_Distillation_Framework_for_Object_Detectors_via_Contrastive_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Normalization Matters in Weakly Supervised Object Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_Normalization_Matters_in_Weakly_Supervised_Object_Localization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Contrast and Order Representations for Video Self-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hu_Contrast_and_Order_Representations_for_Video_Self-Supervised_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Out-of-Core Surface Reconstruction via Global TGV Minimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Poliarnyi_Out-of-Core_Surface_Reconstruction_via_Global_TGV_Minimization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Extensions of Karger&#x27;s Algorithm: Why They Fail in Theory and How They Are Useful in Practice
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jenner_Extensions_of_Kargers_Algorithm_Why_They_Fail_in_Theory_and_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Scaling-Up Disentanglement for Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gabbay_Scaling-Up_Disentanglement_for_Image_Translation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
MeshTalk: 3D Face Animation From Speech Using Cross-Modality Disentanglement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Richard_MeshTalk_3D_Face_Animation_From_Speech_Using_Cross-Modality_Disentanglement_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning a Single Network for Scale-Arbitrary Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Learning_a_Single_Network_for_Scale-Arbitrary_Super-Resolution_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Paint Transformer: Feed Forward Neural Painting With Stroke Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Paint_Transformer_Feed_Forward_Neural_Painting_With_Stroke_Prediction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
PR-RRN: Pairwise-Regularized Residual-Recursive Networks for Non-Rigid Structure-From-Motion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zeng_PR-RRN_Pairwise-Regularized_Residual-Recursive_Networks_for_Non-Rigid_Structure-From-Motion_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
YouRefIt: Embodied Reference Understanding With Language and Gesture
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_YouRefIt_Embodied_Reference_Understanding_With_Language_and_Gesture_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Omniscient Video Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yi_Omniscient_Video_Super-Resolution_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
A Lazy Approach to Long-Horizon Gradient-Based Meta-Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jamal_A_Lazy_Approach_to_Long-Horizon_Gradient-Based_Meta-Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Representative Color Transform for Image Enhancement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_Representative_Color_Transform_for_Image_Enhancement_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Scale Vision Longformer: A New Vision Transformer for High-Resolution Image Encoding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Multi-Scale_Vision_Longformer_A_New_Vision_Transformer_for_High-Resolution_Image_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Viewing Graph Solvability via Cycle Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Arrigoni_Viewing_Graph_Solvability_via_Cycle_Consistency_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SACoD: Sensor Algorithm Co-Design Towards Efficient CNN-Powered Intelligent PhlatCam
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Fu_SACoD_Sensor_Algorithm_Co-Design_Towards_Efficient_CNN-Powered_Intelligent_PhlatCam_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SnowflakeNet: Point Cloud Completion by Snowflake Point Deconvolution With Skip-Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xiang_SnowflakeNet_Point_Cloud_Completion_by_Snowflake_Point_Deconvolution_With_Skip-Transformer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
AdaMML: Adaptive Multi-Modal Learning for Efficient Video Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Panda_AdaMML_Adaptive_Multi-Modal_Learning_for_Efficient_Video_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
An End-to-End Transformer Model for 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Misra_An_End-to-End_Transformer_Model_for_3D_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Mixed SIGNals: Sign Language Production via a Mixture of Motion Primitives
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Saunders_Mixed_SIGNals_Sign_Language_Production_via_a_Mixture_of_Motion_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DocFormer: End-to-End Transformer for Document Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Appalaraju_DocFormer_End-to-End_Transformer_for_Document_Understanding_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Spatially-Adaptive Image Restoration Using Distortion-Guided Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Purohit_Spatially-Adaptive_Image_Restoration_Using_Distortion-Guided_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Exploiting Sample Correlation for Crowd Counting With Multi-Expert Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Exploiting_Sample_Correlation_for_Crowd_Counting_With_Multi-Expert_Network_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Scale Matching Networks for Semantic Correspondence
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhao_Multi-Scale_Matching_Networks_for_Semantic_Correspondence_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Better Explanations of Class Activation Mapping
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jung_Towards_Better_Explanations_of_Class_Activation_Mapping_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Domain Adaptive Video Segmentation via Temporal Consistency Regularization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Guan_Domain_Adaptive_Video_Segmentation_via_Temporal_Consistency_Regularization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
PR-Net: Preference Reasoning for Personalized Video Highlight Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_PR-Net_Preference_Reasoning_for_Personalized_Video_Highlight_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Improving Low-Precision Network Quantization via Bin Regularization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Han_Improving_Low-Precision_Network_Quantization_via_Bin_Regularization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Distilling Virtual Examples for Long-Tailed Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/He_Distilling_Virtual_Examples_for_Long-Tailed_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Large Scale Multi-Illuminant (LSMI) Dataset for Developing White Balance Algorithm Under Mixed Illumination
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_Large_Scale_Multi-Illuminant_LSMI_Dataset_for_Developing_White_Balance_Algorithm_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
A Robust Loss for Point Cloud Registration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Deng_A_Robust_Loss_for_Point_Cloud_Registration_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
PICCOLO: Point Cloud-Centric Omnidirectional Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_PICCOLO_Point_Cloud-Centric_Omnidirectional_Localization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
NGC: A Unified Framework for Learning With Open-World Noisy Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_NGC_A_Unified_Framework_for_Learning_With_Open-World_Noisy_Data_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Superpoint Network for Point Cloud Oversegmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hui_Superpoint_Network_for_Point_Cloud_Oversegmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Looking Here or There? Gaze Following in 360-Degree Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Looking_Here_or_There_Gaze_Following_in_360-Degree_Images_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
How To Train Neural Networks for Flare Removal
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_How_To_Train_Neural_Networks_for_Flare_Removal_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DeepMultiCap: Performance Capture of Multiple Characters Using Sparse Multiview Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zheng_DeepMultiCap_Performance_Capture_of_Multiple_Characters_Using_Sparse_Multiview_Cameras_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Batch Normalization Increases Adversarial Vulnerability and Decreases Adversarial Transferability: A Non-Robust Feature Perspective
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Benz_Batch_Normalization_Increases_Adversarial_Vulnerability_and_Decreases_Adversarial_Transferability_A_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Foreground Activation Maps for Weakly Supervised Object Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Meng_Foreground_Activation_Maps_for_Weakly_Supervised_Object_Localization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
GLiT: Neural Architecture Search for Global and Local Image Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_GLiT_Neural_Architecture_Search_for_Global_and_Local_Image_Transformer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DeepCAD: A Deep Generative Network for Computer-Aided Design Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_DeepCAD_A_Deep_Generative_Network_for_Computer-Aided_Design_Models_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Canonical View Representation for 3D Shape Recognition With Arbitrary Views
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wei_Learning_Canonical_View_Representation_for_3D_Shape_Recognition_With_Arbitrary_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Fourier Space Losses for Efficient Perceptual Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Fuoli_Fourier_Space_Losses_for_Efficient_Perceptual_Image_Super-Resolution_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
A Backdoor Attack Against 3D Point Cloud Classifiers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xiang_A_Backdoor_Attack_Against_3D_Point_Cloud_Classifiers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Guided Point Contrastive Learning for Semi-Supervised Point Cloud Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jiang_Guided_Point_Contrastive_Learning_for_Semi-Supervised_Point_Cloud_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Location-Aware Single Image Reflection Removal
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Dong_Location-Aware_Single_Image_Reflection_Removal_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Better Aggregation in Test-Time Augmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shanmugam_Better_Aggregation_in_Test-Time_Augmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Born Wiring for Neural Trees
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Self-Born_Wiring_for_Neural_Trees_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Detector-Free Weakly Supervised Grounding by Separation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Arbelle_Detector-Free_Weakly_Supervised_Grounding_by_Separation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
CrossCLR: Cross-Modal Contrastive Learning for Multi-Modal Video Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zolfaghari_CrossCLR_Cross-Modal_Contrastive_Learning_for_Multi-Modal_Video_Representations_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Single Image Defocus Deblurring Using Kernel-Sharing Parallel Atrous Convolutions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Son_Single_Image_Defocus_Deblurring_Using_Kernel-Sharing_Parallel_Atrous_Convolutions_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Time-Multiplexed Coded Aperture Imaging: Learned Coded Aperture and Pixel Exposures for Compressive Imaging Systems
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Vargas_Time-Multiplexed_Coded_Aperture_Imaging_Learned_Coded_Aperture_and_Pixel_Exposures_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Hierarchical Graph Neural Networks for Image Clustering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xing_Learning_Hierarchical_Graph_Neural_Networks_for_Image_Clustering_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Adaptive Unfolding Total Variation Network for Low-Light Image Enhancement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zheng_Adaptive_Unfolding_Total_Variation_Network_for_Low-Light_Image_Enhancement_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
TransView: Inside, Outside, and Across the Cropping View Boundaries
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Pan_TransView_Inside_Outside_and_Across_the_Cropping_View_Boundaries_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Vis2Mesh: Efficient Mesh Reconstruction From Unstructured Point Clouds of Large Scenes With Learned Virtual View Visibility
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Song_Vis2Mesh_Efficient_Mesh_Reconstruction_From_Unstructured_Point_Clouds_of_Large_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Relating Adversarially Robust Generalization to Flat Minima
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Stutz_Relating_Adversarially_Robust_Generalization_to_Flat_Minima_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
COMISR: Compression-Informed Video Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_COMISR_Compression-Informed_Video_Super-Resolution_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Bit-Mixer: Mixed-Precision Networks With Runtime Bit-Width Selection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Bulat_Bit-Mixer_Mixed-Precision_Networks_With_Runtime_Bit-Width_Selection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Light Field Saliency Detection With Dual Local Graph Learning and Reciprocative Guidance
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Light_Field_Saliency_Detection_With_Dual_Local_Graph_Learning_and_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Finding Representative Interpretations on Convolutional Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lam_Finding_Representative_Interpretations_on_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
AINet: Association Implantation for Superpixel Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_AINet_Association_Implantation_for_Superpixel_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
An Asynchronous Kalman Filter for Hybrid Event Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_An_Asynchronous_Kalman_Filter_for_Hybrid_Event_Cameras_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Achieving On-Mobile Real-Time Super-Resolution With Neural Architecture and Pruning Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhan_Achieving_On-Mobile_Real-Time_Super-Resolution_With_Neural_Architecture_and_Pruning_Search_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Z-Score Normalization, Hubness, and Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Fei_Z-Score_Normalization_Hubness_and_Few-Shot_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Dense Interaction Learning for Video-Based Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/He_Dense_Interaction_Learning_for_Video-Based_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Explanations for Occluded Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chockler_Explanations_for_Occluded_Images_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Designing a Practical Degradation Model for Deep Blind Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Designing_a_Practical_Degradation_Model_for_Deep_Blind_Image_Super-Resolution_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unshuffling Data for Improved Generalization in Visual Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Teney_Unshuffling_Data_for_Improved_Generalization_in_Visual_Question_Answering_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Architecture Disentanglement for Deep Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hu_Architecture_Disentanglement_for_Deep_Neural_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Instances As Queries
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Fang_Instances_As_Queries_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Improving De-Raining Generalization via Neural Reorganization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xiao_Improving_De-Raining_Generalization_via_Neural_Reorganization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
3D Shape Generation and Completion Through Point-Voxel Diffusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhou_3D_Shape_Generation_and_Completion_Through_Point-Voxel_Diffusion_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Conditioned Probabilistic Learning of Video Rescaling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Tian_Self-Conditioned_Probabilistic_Learning_of_Video_Rescaling_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SGPA: Structure-Guided Prior Adaptation for Category-Level 6D Object Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_SGPA_Structure-Guided_Prior_Adaptation_for_Category-Level_6D_Object_Pose_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Rethinking Deep Image Prior for Denoising
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jo_Rethinking_Deep_Image_Prior_for_Denoising_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
The Way to My Heart Is Through Contrastive Learning: Remote Photoplethysmography From Unlabelled Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gideon_The_Way_to_My_Heart_Is_Through_Contrastive_Learning_Remote_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
IICNet: A Generic Framework for Reversible Image Conversion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cheng_IICNet_A_Generic_Framework_for_Reversible_Image_Conversion_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Scribble-Supervised Semantic Segmentation by Uncertainty Reduction on Neural Representation and Self-Supervision on Neural Eigenspace
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Pan_Scribble-Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_by_Uncertainty_Reduction_on_Neural_Representation_and_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Predicting With Confidence on Unseen Distributions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Guillory_Predicting_With_Confidence_on_Unseen_Distributions_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
TRAR: Routing the Attention Spans in Transformer for Visual Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhou_TRAR_Routing_the_Attention_Spans_in_Transformer_for_Visual_Question_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Embed Me if You Can: A Geometric Perceptron
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Melnyk_Embed_Me_if_You_Can_A_Geometric_Perceptron_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Persistent Homology Based Graph Convolution Network for Fine-Grained 3D Shape Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wong_Persistent_Homology_Based_Graph_Convolution_Network_for_Fine-Grained_3D_Shape_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Hybrid Neural Fusion for Full-Frame Video Stabilization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Hybrid_Neural_Fusion_for_Full-Frame_Video_Stabilization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
HIRE-SNN: Harnessing the Inherent Robustness of Energy-Efficient Deep Spiking Neural Networks by Training With Crafted Input Noise
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kundu_HIRE-SNN_Harnessing_the_Inherent_Robustness_of_Energy-Efficient_Deep_Spiking_Neural_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
CDNet: Centripetal Direction Network for Nuclear Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/He_CDNet_Centripetal_Direction_Network_for_Nuclear_Instance_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Group-Free 3D Object Detection via Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Group-Free_3D_Object_Detection_via_Transformers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learn To Cluster Faces via Pairwise Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Learn_To_Cluster_Faces_via_Pairwise_Classification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Memory-Efficient Neural Networks via Multi-Level In Situ Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gu_Towards_Memory-Efficient_Neural_Networks_via_Multi-Level_In_Situ_Generation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Greedy Gradient Ensemble for Robust Visual Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Han_Greedy_Gradient_Ensemble_for_Robust_Visual_Question_Answering_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
On the Hidden Treasure of Dialog in Video Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Engin_On_the_Hidden_Treasure_of_Dialog_in_Video_Question_Answering_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
From Culture to Clothing: Discovering the World Events Behind a Century of Fashion Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hsiao_From_Culture_to_Clothing_Discovering_the_World_Events_Behind_a_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
BN-NAS: Neural Architecture Search With Batch Normalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_BN-NAS_Neural_Architecture_Search_With_Batch_Normalization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
The Benefit of Distraction: Denoising Camera-Based Physiological Measurements Using Inverse Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Nowara_The_Benefit_of_Distraction_Denoising_Camera-Based_Physiological_Measurements_Using_Inverse_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Collaborative and Adversarial Learning of Focused and Dispersive Representations for Semi-Supervised Polyp Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_Collaborative_and_Adversarial_Learning_of_Focused_and_Dispersive_Representations_for_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Event Stream Super-Resolution via Spatiotemporal Constraint Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Event_Stream_Super-Resolution_via_Spatiotemporal_Constraint_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
FASA: Feature Augmentation and Sampling Adaptation for Long-Tailed Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zang_FASA_Feature_Augmentation_and_Sampling_Adaptation_for_Long-Tailed_Instance_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Online-Trained Upsampler for Deep Low Complexity Video Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Klopp_Online-Trained_Upsampler_for_Deep_Low_Complexity_Video_Compression_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DTMNet: A Discrete Tchebichef Moments-Based Deep Neural Network for Multi-Focus Image Fusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xiao_DTMNet_A_Discrete_Tchebichef_Moments-Based_Deep_Neural_Network_for_Multi-Focus_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Interactive Prototype Learning for Egocentric Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Interactive_Prototype_Learning_for_Egocentric_Action_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
MBA-VO: Motion Blur Aware Visual Odometry
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_MBA-VO_Motion_Blur_Aware_Visual_Odometry_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
STR-GQN: Scene Representation and Rendering for Unknown Cameras Based on Spatial Transformation Routing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_STR-GQN_Scene_Representation_and_Rendering_for_Unknown_Cameras_Based_on_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Continual Learning for Image-Based Camera Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Continual_Learning_for_Image-Based_Camera_Localization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Visual-Textual Attentive Semantic Consistency for Medical Report Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhou_Visual-Textual_Attentive_Semantic_Consistency_for_Medical_Report_Generation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Revisiting Stereo Depth Estimation From a Sequence-to-Sequence Perspective With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Revisiting_Stereo_Depth_Estimation_From_a_Sequence-to-Sequence_Perspective_With_Transformers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Augmenting Depth Estimation With Geospatial Context
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Workman_Augmenting_Depth_Estimation_With_Geospatial_Context_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Explaining Local, Global, and Higher-Order Interactions in Deep Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lerman_Explaining_Local_Global_and_Higher-Order_Interactions_in_Deep_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Bias Loss for Mobile Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Abrahamyan_Bias_Loss_for_Mobile_Neural_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Visual Scene Graphs for Audio Source Separation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chatterjee_Visual_Scene_Graphs_for_Audio_Source_Separation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Beyond Trivial Counterfactual Explanations With Diverse Valuable Explanations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Rodriguez_Beyond_Trivial_Counterfactual_Explanations_With_Diverse_Valuable_Explanations_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
RePOSE: Fast 6D Object Pose Refinement via Deep Texture Rendering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Iwase_RePOSE_Fast_6D_Object_Pose_Refinement_via_Deep_Texture_Rendering_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
How To Design a Three-Stage Architecture for Audio-Visual Active Speaker Detection in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kopuklu_How_To_Design_a_Three-Stage_Architecture_for_Audio-Visual_Active_Speaker_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Just Ask: Learning To Answer Questions From Millions of Narrated Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_Just_Ask_Learning_To_Answer_Questions_From_Millions_of_Narrated_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Face Encryption by Generating Adversarial Identity Masks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_Towards_Face_Encryption_by_Generating_Adversarial_Identity_Masks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
UniT: Multimodal Multitask Learning With a Unified Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hu_UniT_Multimodal_Multitask_Learning_With_a_Unified_Transformer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Compressing Visual-Linguistic Model via Knowledge Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Fang_Compressing_Visual-Linguistic_Model_via_Knowledge_Distillation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Full-Duplex Strategy for Video Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ji_Full-Duplex_Strategy_for_Video_Object_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Non-Rigid Image Distortion Removal via Grid Deformation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Unsupervised_Non-Rigid_Image_Distortion_Removal_via_Grid_Deformation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
BlockCopy: High-Resolution Video Processing With Block-Sparse Feature Propagation and Online Policies
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Verelst_BlockCopy_High-Resolution_Video_Processing_With_Block-Sparse_Feature_Propagation_and_Online_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SS-IL: Separated Softmax for Incremental Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ahn_SS-IL_Separated_Softmax_for_Incremental_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multiple Pairwise Ranking Networks for Personalized Video Summarization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Saquil_Multiple_Pairwise_Ranking_Networks_for_Personalized_Video_Summarization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Robust Trust Region for Weakly Supervised Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Marin_Robust_Trust_Region_for_Weakly_Supervised_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
imGHUM: Implicit Generative Models of 3D Human Shape and Articulated Pose
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Alldieck_imGHUM_Implicit_Generative_Models_of_3D_Human_Shape_and_Articulated_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Dynamic High-Pass Filtering and Multi-Spectral Attention for Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Magid_Dynamic_High-Pass_Filtering_and_Multi-Spectral_Attention_for_Image_Super-Resolution_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Knowledge Distillation With Progressive Refinement of Targets
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_Self-Knowledge_Distillation_With_Progressive_Refinement_of_Targets_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Flexible Blind JPEG Artifacts Removal
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jiang_Towards_Flexible_Blind_JPEG_Artifacts_Removal_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
HPNet: Deep Primitive Segmentation Using Hybrid Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yan_HPNet_Deep_Primitive_Segmentation_Using_Hybrid_Representations_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Fusion Moves for Graph Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hutschenreiter_Fusion_Moves_for_Graph_Matching_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Fast Video Moment Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gao_Fast_Video_Moment_Retrieval_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Geometric Features Discovery via Interpretable Attention for Vehicle Re-Identification and Beyond
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Self-Supervised_Geometric_Features_Discovery_via_Interpretable_Attention_for_Vehicle_Re-Identification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Motion-Focused Contrastive Learning of Video Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Motion-Focused_Contrastive_Learning_of_Video_Representations_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Motion Guided Region Message Passing for Video Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Motion_Guided_Region_Message_Passing_for_Video_Captioning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Super-Resolving Cross-Domain Face Miniatures by Peeking at One-Shot Exemplar
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Super-Resolving_Cross-Domain_Face_Miniatures_by_Peeking_at_One-Shot_Exemplar_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Instance Segmentation in 3D Scenes Using Semantic Superpoint Tree Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liang_Instance_Segmentation_in_3D_Scenes_Using_Semantic_Superpoint_Tree_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Exploring Cross-Image Pixel Contrast for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Exploring_Cross-Image_Pixel_Contrast_for_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Pixel Difference Networks for Efficient Edge Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Su_Pixel_Difference_Networks_for_Efficient_Edge_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Understanding the Generative Capability of Adversarially Robust Classifiers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhu_Towards_Understanding_the_Generative_Capability_of_Adversarially_Robust_Classifiers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Efficient Photometric Feature Transform for Multi-View Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kang_Learning_Efficient_Photometric_Feature_Transform_for_Multi-View_Stereo_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Fast Light-Field Disparity Estimation With Multi-Disparity-Scale Cost Aggregation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Huang_Fast_Light-Field_Disparity_Estimation_With_Multi-Disparity-Scale_Cost_Aggregation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Transformer-Based Dual Relation Graph for Multi-Label Image Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhao_Transformer-Based_Dual_Relation_Graph_for_Multi-Label_Image_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Faster Multi-Object Segmentation Using Parallel Quadratic Pseudo-Boolean Optimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jeppesen_Faster_Multi-Object_Segmentation_Using_Parallel_Quadratic_Pseudo-Boolean_Optimization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Partial Off-Policy Learning: Balance Accuracy and Diversity for Human-Oriented Image Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shi_Partial_Off-Policy_Learning_Balance_Accuracy_and_Diversity_for_Human-Oriented_Image_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Prior to Segment: Foreground Cues for Weakly Annotated Classes in Partially Supervised Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Biertimpel_Prior_to_Segment_Foreground_Cues_for_Weakly_Annotated_Classes_in_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
A Dark Flash Normal Camera
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xia_A_Dark_Flash_Normal_Camera_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Dynamic CT Reconstruction From Limited Views With Implicit Neural Representations and Parametric Motion Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Reed_Dynamic_CT_Reconstruction_From_Limited_Views_With_Implicit_Neural_Representations_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Pri3D: Can 3D Priors Help 2D Representation Learning?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hou_Pri3D_Can_3D_Priors_Help_2D_Representation_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
PoGO-Net: Pose Graph Optimization With Graph Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_PoGO-Net_Pose_Graph_Optimization_With_Graph_Neural_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Federated Learning for Non-IID Data via Unified Feature Learning and Optimization Objective Alignment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Federated_Learning_for_Non-IID_Data_via_Unified_Feature_Learning_and_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Video Object Segmentation by Motion Grouping
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_Self-Supervised_Video_Object_Segmentation_by_Motion_Grouping_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
End-to-End Piece-Wise Unwarping of Document Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Das_End-to-End_Piece-Wise_Unwarping_of_Document_Images_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
4D Cloud Scattering Tomography
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ronen_4D_Cloud_Scattering_Tomography_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
De-Rendering Stylized Texts
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shimoda_De-Rendering_Stylized_Texts_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
AD-NeRF: Audio Driven Neural Radiance Fields for Talking Head Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Guo_AD-NeRF_Audio_Driven_Neural_Radiance_Fields_for_Talking_Head_Synthesis_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Graph-Based Asynchronous Event Processing for Rapid Object Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Graph-Based_Asynchronous_Event_Processing_for_Rapid_Object_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning With Noisy Labels via Sparse Regularization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhou_Learning_With_Noisy_Labels_via_Sparse_Regularization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Leveraging Auxiliary Tasks With Affinity Learning for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_Leveraging_Auxiliary_Tasks_With_Affinity_Learning_for_Weakly_Supervised_Semantic_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Improving 3D Object Detection With Channel-Wise Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sheng_Improving_3D_Object_Detection_With_Channel-Wise_Transformer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
CanvasVAE: Learning To Generate Vector Graphic Documents
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yamaguchi_CanvasVAE_Learning_To_Generate_Vector_Graphic_Documents_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
OMNet: Learning Overlapping Mask for Partial-to-Partial Point Cloud Registration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_OMNet_Learning_Overlapping_Mask_for_Partial-to-Partial_Point_Cloud_Registration_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Recursively Conditional Gaussian for Ordinal Unsupervised Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Recursively_Conditional_Gaussian_for_Ordinal_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Geometry Uncertainty Projection Network for Monocular 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lu_Geometry_Uncertainty_Projection_Network_for_Monocular_3D_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
A Hybrid Frequency-Spatial Domain Model for Sparse Image Reconstruction in Scanning Transmission Electron Microscopy
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/He_A_Hybrid_Frequency-Spatial_Domain_Model_for_Sparse_Image_Reconstruction_in_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Attentional Pyramid Pooling of Salient Visual Residuals for Place Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Peng_Attentional_Pyramid_Pooling_of_Salient_Visual_Residuals_for_Place_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning With Noisy Labels for Robust Point Cloud Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ye_Learning_With_Noisy_Labels_for_Robust_Point_Cloud_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Where Are You Heading? Dynamic Trajectory Prediction With Expert Goal Examples
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhao_Where_Are_You_Heading_Dynamic_Trajectory_Prediction_With_Expert_Goal_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Dynamic Divide-and-Conquer Adversarial Training for Robust Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_Dynamic_Divide-and-Conquer_Adversarial_Training_for_Robust_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
MixMix: All You Need for Data-Free Compression Are Feature and Data Mixing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_MixMix_All_You_Need_for_Data-Free_Compression_Are_Feature_and_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
LocTex: Learning Data-Efficient Visual Representations From Localized Textual Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_LocTex_Learning_Data-Efficient_Visual_Representations_From_Localized_Textual_Supervision_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Segmentation of Small Buildings With Point Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lee_Weakly_Supervised_Segmentation_of_Small_Buildings_With_Point_Labels_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Efficient Large Scale Inlier Voting for Geometric Vision Problems
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Aiger_Efficient_Large_Scale_Inlier_Voting_for_Geometric_Vision_Problems_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DiscoBox: Weakly Supervised Instance Segmentation and Semantic Correspondence From Box Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lan_DiscoBox_Weakly_Supervised_Instance_Segmentation_and_Semantic_Correspondence_From_Box_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
VENet: Voting Enhancement Network for 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xie_VENet_Voting_Enhancement_Network_for_3D_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Aggregation With Feature Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sun_Aggregation_With_Feature_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Echo LiDAR for 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Man_Multi-Echo_LiDAR_for_3D_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Regulation for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Self-Regulation_for_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ReCU: Reviving the Dead Weights in Binary Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_ReCU_Reviving_the_Dead_Weights_in_Binary_Neural_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Semantic-Embedded Unsupervised Spectral Reconstruction From Single RGB Images in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhu_Semantic-Embedded_Unsupervised_Spectral_Reconstruction_From_Single_RGB_Images_in_the_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Foreground-Action Consistency Network for Weakly Supervised Temporal Action Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Huang_Foreground-Action_Consistency_Network_for_Weakly_Supervised_Temporal_Action_Localization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
MixMo: Mixing Multiple Inputs for Multiple Outputs via Deep Subnetworks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Rame_MixMo_Mixing_Multiple_Inputs_for_Multiple_Outputs_via_Deep_Subnetworks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
PnP-DETR: Towards Efficient Visual Analysis With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_PnP-DETR_Towards_Efficient_Visual_Analysis_With_Transformers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
PlaneTR: Structure-Guided Transformers for 3D Plane Recovery
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Tan_PlaneTR_Structure-Guided_Transformers_for_3D_Plane_Recovery_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Segmentation Incorporating Shape Prior via Generative Adversarial Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_Unsupervised_Segmentation_Incorporating_Shape_Prior_via_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DRB-GAN: A Dynamic ResBlock Generative Adversarial Network for Artistic Style Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_DRB-GAN_A_Dynamic_ResBlock_Generative_Adversarial_Network_for_Artistic_Style_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DCT-SNN: Using DCT To Distribute Spatial Information Over Time for Low-Latency Spiking Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Garg_DCT-SNN_Using_DCT_To_Distribute_Spatial_Information_Over_Time_for_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Resize Images for Computer Vision Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Talebi_Learning_To_Resize_Images_for_Computer_Vision_Tasks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Cryo-Electron Tomography Volumetric Image Restoration From Single Noisy Volume With Sparsity Constraint
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_Self-Supervised_Cryo-Electron_Tomography_Volumetric_Image_Restoration_From_Single_Noisy_Volume_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Field of Junctions: Extracting Boundary Structure at Low SNR
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Verbin_Field_of_Junctions_Extracting_Boundary_Structure_at_Low_SNR_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
LSD-StructureNet: Modeling Levels of Structural Detail in 3D Part Hierarchies
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Roberts_LSD-StructureNet_Modeling_Levels_of_Structural_Detail_in_3D_Part_Hierarchies_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Temporal Anomaly Segmentation With Dynamic Time Warping
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lee_Weakly_Supervised_Temporal_Anomaly_Segmentation_With_Dynamic_Time_Warping_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Re-Distributing Biased Pseudo Labels for Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation: A Baseline Investigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/He_Re-Distributing_Biased_Pseudo_Labels_for_Semi-Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_A_Baseline_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Visformer: The Vision-Friendly Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Visformer_The_Vision-Friendly_Transformer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
OpenGAN: Open-Set Recognition via Open Data Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kong_OpenGAN_Open-Set_Recognition_via_Open_Data_Generation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Reduce Defocus Blur by Realistically Modeling Dual-Pixel Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Abuolaim_Learning_To_Reduce_Defocus_Blur_by_Realistically_Modeling_Dual-Pixel_Data_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Mining Contextual Information Beyond Image for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jin_Mining_Contextual_Information_Beyond_Image_for_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Dynamic Dual Gating Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Dynamic_Dual_Gating_Neural_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Going Deeper With Image Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Touvron_Going_Deeper_With_Image_Transformers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
MFNet: Multi-Filter Directive Network for Weakly Supervised Salient Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Piao_MFNet_Multi-Filter_Directive_Network_for_Weakly_Supervised_Salient_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DRIVE: Deep Reinforced Accident Anticipation With Visual Explanation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Bao_DRIVE_Deep_Reinforced_Accident_Anticipation_With_Visual_Explanation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Zero-Shot Natural Language Video Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Nam_Zero-Shot_Natural_Language_Video_Localization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
FFT-OT: A Fast Algorithm for Optimal Transportation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lei_FFT-OT_A_Fast_Algorithm_for_Optimal_Transportation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Progressive Correspondence Pruning by Consensus Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhao_Progressive_Correspondence_Pruning_by_Consensus_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multiscale Vision Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Fan_Multiscale_Vision_Transformers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Just a Few Points Are All You Need for Multi-View Stereo: A Novel Semi-Supervised Learning Method for Multi-View Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_Just_a_Few_Points_Are_All_You_Need_for_Multi-View_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multispectral Illumination Estimation Using Deep Unrolling Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Multispectral_Illumination_Estimation_Using_Deep_Unrolling_Network_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Conditional DETR for Fast Training Convergence
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Meng_Conditional_DETR_for_Fast_Training_Convergence_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Distilling Global and Local Logits With Densely Connected Relations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_Distilling_Global_and_Local_Logits_With_Densely_Connected_Relations_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
MVTN: Multi-View Transformation Network for 3D Shape Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hamdi_MVTN_Multi-View_Transformation_Network_for_3D_Shape_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
GNeRF: GAN-Based Neural Radiance Field Without Posed Camera
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Meng_GNeRF_GAN-Based_Neural_Radiance_Field_Without_Posed_Camera_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ODAM: Object Detection, Association, and Mapping Using Posed RGB Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_ODAM_Object_Detection_Association_and_Mapping_Using_Posed_RGB_Video_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Dual Contrastive Loss and Attention for GANs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yu_Dual_Contrastive_Loss_and_Attention_for_GANs_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DualPoseNet: Category-Level 6D Object Pose and Size Estimation Using Dual Pose Network With Refined Learning of Pose Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lin_DualPoseNet_Category-Level_6D_Object_Pose_and_Size_Estimation_Using_Dual_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
MDETR - Modulated Detection for End-to-End Multi-Modal Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kamath_MDETR_-_Modulated_Detection_for_End-to-End_Multi-Modal_Understanding_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Calibrated and Partially Calibrated Semi-Generalized Homographies
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Bhayani_Calibrated_and_Partially_Calibrated_Semi-Generalized_Homographies_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
The Surprising Impact of Mask-Head Architecture on Novel Class Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Birodkar_The_Surprising_Impact_of_Mask-Head_Architecture_on_Novel_Class_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Collaborative Optimization and Aggregation for Decentralized Domain Generalization and Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_Collaborative_Optimization_and_Aggregation_for_Decentralized_Domain_Generalization_and_Adaptation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Causal Attention for Unbiased Visual Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Causal_Attention_for_Unbiased_Visual_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Detecting Persuasive Atypicality by Modeling Contextual Compatibility
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Guo_Detecting_Persuasive_Atypicality_by_Modeling_Contextual_Compatibility_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
STVGBert: A Visual-Linguistic Transformer Based Framework for Spatio-Temporal Video Grounding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Su_STVGBert_A_Visual-Linguistic_Transformer_Based_Framework_for_Spatio-Temporal_Video_Grounding_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Dual Priors for JPEG Compression Artifacts Removal
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Fu_Learning_Dual_Priors_for_JPEG_Compression_Artifacts_Removal_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Searching for Two-Stream Models in Multivariate Space for Video Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gong_Searching_for_Two-Stream_Models_in_Multivariate_Space_for_Video_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Multiple Pixelwise Tasks Based on Loss Scale Balancing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lee_Learning_Multiple_Pixelwise_Tasks_Based_on_Loss_Scale_Balancing_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
MLVSNet: Multi-Level Voting Siamese Network for 3D Visual Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_MLVSNet_Multi-Level_Voting_Siamese_Network_for_3D_Visual_Tracking_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ACE: Ally Complementary Experts for Solving Long-Tailed Recognition in One-Shot
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cai_ACE_Ally_Complementary_Experts_for_Solving_Long-Tailed_Recognition_in_One-Shot_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Hyperspectral Image Denoising With Realistic Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Hyperspectral_Image_Denoising_With_Realistic_Data_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Rethinking Noise Synthesis and Modeling in Raw Denoising
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Rethinking_Noise_Synthesis_and_Modeling_in_Raw_Denoising_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Disentangled Representation for Age-Invariant Face Recognition: A Mutual Information Minimization Perspective
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hou_Disentangled_Representation_for_Age-Invariant_Face_Recognition_A_Mutual_Information_Minimization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
FATNN: Fast and Accurate Ternary Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_FATNN_Fast_and_Accurate_Ternary_Neural_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multitask AET With Orthogonal Tangent Regularity for Dark Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cui_Multitask_AET_With_Orthogonal_Tangent_Regularity_for_Dark_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Contrastive Attention Maps for Self-Supervised Co-Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ki_Contrastive_Attention_Maps_for_Self-Supervised_Co-Localization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Domain Generalization via Gradient Surgery
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Mansilla_Domain_Generalization_via_Gradient_Surgery_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Personalized and Invertible Face De-Identification by Disentangled Identity Information Manipulation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cao_Personalized_and_Invertible_Face_De-Identification_by_Disentangled_Identity_Information_Manipulation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Explain Me the Painting: Multi-Topic Knowledgeable Art Description Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Bai_Explain_Me_the_Painting_Multi-Topic_Knowledgeable_Art_Description_Generation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Curriculum Domain Adaptation for No-Reference Video Quality Assessment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Unsupervised_Curriculum_Domain_Adaptation_for_No-Reference_Video_Quality_Assessment_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
GTT-Net: Learned Generalized Trajectory Triangulation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_GTT-Net_Learned_Generalized_Trajectory_Triangulation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Remove Refractive Distortions From Underwater Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Thapa_Learning_To_Remove_Refractive_Distortions_From_Underwater_Images_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
BARF: Bundle-Adjusting Neural Radiance Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lin_BARF_Bundle-Adjusting_Neural_Radiance_Fields_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
LapsCore: Language-Guided Person Search via Color Reasoning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_LapsCore_Language-Guided_Person_Search_via_Color_Reasoning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Permutation Equivariant Structure From Motion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Moran_Deep_Permutation_Equivariant_Structure_From_Motion_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Collaborative Unsupervised Visual Representation Learning From Decentralized Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhuang_Collaborative_Unsupervised_Visual_Representation_Learning_From_Decentralized_Data_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DeepPRO: Deep Partial Point Cloud Registration of Objects
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lee_DeepPRO_Deep_Partial_Point_Cloud_Registration_of_Objects_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
RECALL: Replay-Based Continual Learning in Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Maracani_RECALL_Replay-Based_Continual_Learning_in_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Extending Neural P-Frame Codecs for B-Frame Coding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Pourreza_Extending_Neural_P-Frame_Codecs_for_B-Frame_Coding_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
HAIR: Hierarchical Visual-Semantic Relational Reasoning for Video Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_HAIR_Hierarchical_Visual-Semantic_Relational_Reasoning_for_Video_Question_Answering_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Voxel Transformer for 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Mao_Voxel_Transformer_for_3D_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Out-of-Boundary View Synthesis Towards Full-Frame Video Stabilization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_Out-of-Boundary_View_Synthesis_Towards_Full-Frame_Video_Stabilization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multimodal Clustering Networks for Self-Supervised Learning From Unlabeled Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Multimodal_Clustering_Networks_for_Self-Supervised_Learning_From_Unlabeled_Videos_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Towards a Universal Model for Cross-Dataset Crowd Counting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ma_Towards_a_Universal_Model_for_Cross-Dataset_Crowd_Counting_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning RAW-to-sRGB Mappings With Inaccurately Aligned Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Learning_RAW-to-sRGB_Mappings_With_Inaccurately_Aligned_Supervision_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Context Reasoning Attention Network for Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Context_Reasoning_Attention_Network_for_Image_Super-Resolution_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
3DeepCT: Learning Volumetric Scattering Tomography of Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sde-Chen_3DeepCT_Learning_Volumetric_Scattering_Tomography_of_Clouds_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
EvIntSR-Net: Event Guided Multiple Latent Frames Reconstruction and Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Han_EvIntSR-Net_Event_Guided_Multiple_Latent_Frames_Reconstruction_and_Super-Resolution_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Structured Instance Graph for Distilling Object Detectors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Deep_Structured_Instance_Graph_for_Distilling_Object_Detectors_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Adversarial Attacks Are Reversible With Natural Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Mao_Adversarial_Attacks_Are_Reversible_With_Natural_Supervision_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Hierarchical Graph Attention Network for Few-Shot Visual-Semantic Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yin_Hierarchical_Graph_Attention_Network_for_Few-Shot_Visual-Semantic_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
(Just) A Spoonful of Refinements Helps the Registration Error Go Down
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Agostinho_Just_A_Spoonful_of_Refinements_Helps_the_Registration_Error_Go_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ECS-Net: Improving Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation by Using Connections Between Class Activation Maps
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sun_ECS-Net_Improving_Weakly_Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_by_Using_Connections_Between_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Heterogeneous Relational Complement for Vehicle Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhao_Heterogeneous_Relational_Complement_for_Vehicle_Re-Identification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Transfusion: A Novel SLAM Method Focused on Transparent Objects
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhu_Transfusion_A_Novel_SLAM_Method_Focused_on_Transparent_Objects_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Removing Adversarial Noise in Class Activation Feature Space
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhou_Removing_Adversarial_Noise_in_Class_Activation_Feature_Space_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Mutual Affine Network for Spatially Variant Kernel Estimation in Blind Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liang_Mutual_Affine_Network_for_Spatially_Variant_Kernel_Estimation_in_Blind_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Scene Synthesis via Uncertainty-Driven Attribute Synchronization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_Scene_Synthesis_via_Uncertainty-Driven_Attribute_Synchronization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Adversarial Example Detection Using Latent Neighborhood Graph
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Abusnaina_Adversarial_Example_Detection_Using_Latent_Neighborhood_Graph_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Dynamic View Synthesis From Dynamic Monocular Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gao_Dynamic_View_Synthesis_From_Dynamic_Monocular_Video_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Match Features With Seeded Graph Matching Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Learning_To_Match_Features_With_Seeded_Graph_Matching_Network_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Anonymizing Egocentric Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Thapar_Anonymizing_Egocentric_Videos_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
PreDet: Large-Scale Weakly Supervised Pre-Training for Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ramanathan_PreDet_Large-Scale_Weakly_Supervised_Pre-Training_for_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Real-Time Video Inference on Edge Devices via Adaptive Model Streaming
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Khani_Real-Time_Video_Inference_on_Edge_Devices_via_Adaptive_Model_Streaming_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Modality Associative Bridging Through Memory: Speech Sound Recollected From Face Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_Multi-Modality_Associative_Bridging_Through_Memory_Speech_Sound_Recollected_From_Face_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Rotation Invariance in Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kalra_Towards_Rotation_Invariance_in_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unlocking the Potential of Ordinary Classifier: Class-Specific Adversarial Erasing Framework for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kweon_Unlocking_the_Potential_of_Ordinary_Classifier_Class-Specific_Adversarial_Erasing_Framework_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Sparse-to-Dense Feature Matching: Intra and Inter Domain Cross-Modal Learning in Domain Adaptation for 3D Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Peng_Sparse-to-Dense_Feature_Matching_Intra_and_Inter_Domain_Cross-Modal_Learning_in_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ReconfigISP: Reconfigurable Camera Image Processing Pipeline
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yu_ReconfigISP_Reconfigurable_Camera_Image_Processing_Pipeline_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Video Instance Segmentation With a Propose-Reduce Paradigm
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lin_Video_Instance_Segmentation_With_a_Propose-Reduce_Paradigm_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Dense Deep Unfolding Network With 3D-CNN Prior for Snapshot Compressive Imaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_Dense_Deep_Unfolding_Network_With_3D-CNN_Prior_for_Snapshot_Compressive_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SA-ConvONet: Sign-Agnostic Optimization of Convolutional Occupancy Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Tang_SA-ConvONet_Sign-Agnostic_Optimization_of_Convolutional_Occupancy_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Move2Hear: Active Audio-Visual Source Separation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Majumder_Move2Hear_Active_Audio-Visual_Source_Separation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
AA-RMVSNet: Adaptive Aggregation Recurrent Multi-View Stereo Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wei_AA-RMVSNet_Adaptive_Aggregation_Recurrent_Multi-View_Stereo_Network_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Orthogonal Jacobian Regularization for Unsupervised Disentanglement in Image Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wei_Orthogonal_Jacobian_Regularization_for_Unsupervised_Disentanglement_in_Image_Generation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SSH: A Self-Supervised Framework for Image Harmonization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jiang_SSH_A_Self-Supervised_Framework_for_Image_Harmonization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Multi-Scene Absolute Pose Regression With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shavit_Learning_Multi-Scene_Absolute_Pose_Regression_With_Transformers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Training Multi-Object Detector by Estimating Bounding Box Distribution for Input Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yoo_Training_Multi-Object_Detector_by_Estimating_Bounding_Box_Distribution_for_Input_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Defocus Map Estimation and Deblurring From a Single Dual-Pixel Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xin_Defocus_Map_Estimation_and_Deblurring_From_a_Single_Dual-Pixel_Image_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DivAug: Plug-In Automated Data Augmentation With Explicit Diversity Maximization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_DivAug_Plug-In_Automated_Data_Augmentation_With_Explicit_Diversity_Maximization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
FMODetect: Robust Detection of Fast Moving Objects
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Rozumnyi_FMODetect_Robust_Detection_of_Fast_Moving_Objects_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
VideoLT: Large-Scale Long-Tailed Video Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_VideoLT_Large-Scale_Long-Tailed_Video_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
RangeDet: In Defense of Range View for LiDAR-Based 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Fan_RangeDet_In_Defense_of_Range_View_for_LiDAR-Based_3D_Object_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Data-Free Universal Adversarial Perturbation and Black-Box Attack
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Data-Free_Universal_Adversarial_Perturbation_and_Black-Box_Attack_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Single-Shot Hyperspectral-Depth Imaging With Learned Diffractive Optics
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Baek_Single-Shot_Hyperspectral-Depth_Imaging_With_Learned_Diffractive_Optics_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
FaPN: Feature-Aligned Pyramid Network for Dense Image Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Huang_FaPN_Feature-Aligned_Pyramid_Network_for_Dense_Image_Prediction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
On the Robustness of Vision Transformers to Adversarial Examples
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Mahmood_On_the_Robustness_of_Vision_Transformers_to_Adversarial_Examples_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Tokens-to-Token ViT: Training Vision Transformers From Scratch on ImageNet
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yuan_Tokens-to-Token_ViT_Training_Vision_Transformers_From_Scratch_on_ImageNet_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Teacher-Student Adversarial Depth Hallucination To Improve Face Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Uppal_Teacher-Student_Adversarial_Depth_Hallucination_To_Improve_Face_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Online Multi-Granularity Distillation for GAN Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ren_Online_Multi-Granularity_Distillation_for_GAN_Compression_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Influence-Balanced Loss for Imbalanced Visual Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Park_Influence-Balanced_Loss_for_Imbalanced_Visual_Classification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Where2Act: From Pixels to Actions for Articulated 3D Objects
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Mo_Where2Act_From_Pixels_to_Actions_for_Articulated_3D_Objects_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Towers of Babel: Combining Images, Language, and 3D Geometry for Learning Multimodal Vision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_Towers_of_Babel_Combining_Images_Language_and_3D_Geometry_for_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
End-to-End Unsupervised Document Image Blind Denoising
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gangeh_End-to-End_Unsupervised_Document_Image_Blind_Denoising_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Differentiable Dynamic Wirings for Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yuan_Differentiable_Dynamic_Wirings_for_Neural_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
A Simple Framework for 3D Lensless Imaging With Programmable Masks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zheng_A_Simple_Framework_for_3D_Lensless_Imaging_With_Programmable_Masks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
JEM++: Improved Techniques for Training JEM
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_JEM_Improved_Techniques_for_Training_JEM_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Contrast and Classify: Training Robust VQA Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kant_Contrast_and_Classify_Training_Robust_VQA_Models_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Photon-Starved Scene Inference Using Single Photon Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Goyal_Photon-Starved_Scene_Inference_Using_Single_Photon_Cameras_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Learning Spatially Discriminative Feature Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Towards_Learning_Spatially_Discriminative_Feature_Representations_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Context Decoupling Augmentation for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Su_Context_Decoupling_Augmentation_for_Weakly_Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Temporal Action Detection With Multi-Level Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shi_Temporal_Action_Detection_With_Multi-Level_Supervision_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
FACIAL: Synthesizing Dynamic Talking Face With Implicit Attribute Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_FACIAL_Synthesizing_Dynamic_Talking_Face_With_Implicit_Attribute_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Deep Video Denoising
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sheth_Unsupervised_Deep_Video_Denoising_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Making Higher Order MOT Scalable: An Efficient Approximate Solver for Lifted Disjoint Paths
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hornakova_Making_Higher_Order_MOT_Scalable_An_Efficient_Approximate_Solver_for_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
TMCOSS: Thresholded Multi-Criteria Online Subset Selection for Data-Efficient Autonomous Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Das_TMCOSS_Thresholded_Multi-Criteria_Online_Subset_Selection_for_Data-Efficient_Autonomous_Driving_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
TF-Blender: Temporal Feature Blender for Video Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cui_TF-Blender_Temporal_Feature_Blender_for_Video_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
MAAS: Multi-Modal Assignation for Active Speaker Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Alcazar_MAAS_Multi-Modal_Assignation_for_Active_Speaker_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Source Domain Adaptation for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yao_Multi-Source_Domain_Adaptation_for_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ShapeConv: Shape-Aware Convolutional Layer for Indoor RGB-D Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cao_ShapeConv_Shape-Aware_Convolutional_Layer_for_Indoor_RGB-D_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
GLoRIA: A Multimodal Global-Local Representation Learning Framework for Label-Efficient Medical Image Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Huang_GLoRIA_A_Multimodal_Global-Local_Representation_Learning_Framework_for_Label-Efficient_Medical_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Summarize and Search: Learning Consensus-Aware Dynamic Convolution for Co-Saliency Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Summarize_and_Search_Learning_Consensus-Aware_Dynamic_Convolution_for_Co-Saliency_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Viewpoint-Agnostic Change Captioning With Cycle Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_Viewpoint-Agnostic_Change_Captioning_With_Cycle_Consistency_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Neural Video Portrait Relighting in Real-Time via Consistency Modeling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Neural_Video_Portrait_Relighting_in_Real-Time_via_Consistency_Modeling_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Semantic Segmentation With Cyclic Memory Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xie_Few-Shot_Semantic_Segmentation_With_Cyclic_Memory_Network_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Weakly-Supervised Action Segmentation and Alignment via Transcript-Aware Union-of-Subspaces Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lu_Weakly-Supervised_Action_Segmentation_and_Alignment_via_Transcript-Aware_Union-of-Subspaces_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SOTR: Segmenting Objects With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Guo_SOTR_Segmenting_Objects_With_Transformers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Hypergraph Neural Networks for Hypergraph Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liao_Hypergraph_Neural_Networks_for_Hypergraph_Matching_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Gaussian Fusion: Accurate 3D Reconstruction via Geometry-Guided Displacement Interpolation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Gaussian_Fusion_Accurate_3D_Reconstruction_via_Geometry-Guided_Displacement_Interpolation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Frequency-Aware Spatiotemporal Transformers for Video Inpainting Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yu_Frequency-Aware_Spatiotemporal_Transformers_for_Video_Inpainting_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Virtual Multi-Modality Self-Supervised Foreground Matting for Human-Object Interaction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_Virtual_Multi-Modality_Self-Supervised_Foreground_Matting_for_Human-Object_Interaction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Mutual Supervision for Dense Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gao_Mutual_Supervision_for_Dense_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Orthographic-Perspective Epipolar Geometry
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Larsson_Orthographic-Perspective_Epipolar_Geometry_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Seminar Learning for Click-Level Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Seminar_Learning_for_Click-Level_Weakly_Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Retrieve in Style: Unsupervised Facial Feature Transfer and Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chong_Retrieve_in_Style_Unsupervised_Facial_Feature_Transfer_and_Retrieval_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Meta-Aggregator: Learning To Aggregate for 1-Bit Graph Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jing_Meta-Aggregator_Learning_To_Aggregate_for_1-Bit_Graph_Neural_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Disentangled High Quality Salient Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Tang_Disentangled_High_Quality_Salient_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
FREE: Feature Refinement for Generalized Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_FREE_Feature_Refinement_for_Generalized_Zero-Shot_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Why Approximate Matrix Square Root Outperforms Accurate SVD in Global Covariance Pooling?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Song_Why_Approximate_Matrix_Square_Root_Outperforms_Accurate_SVD_in_Global_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SUNet: Symmetric Undistortion Network for Rolling Shutter Correction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Fan_SUNet_Symmetric_Undistortion_Network_for_Rolling_Shutter_Correction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DWKS: A Local Descriptor of Deformations Between Meshes and Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Magnet_DWKS_A_Local_Descriptor_of_Deformations_Between_Meshes_and_Point_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
PixelPyramids: Exact Inference Models From Lossless Image Pyramids
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Mahajan_PixelPyramids_Exact_Inference_Models_From_Lossless_Image_Pyramids_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Blind Video Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Pan_Deep_Blind_Video_Super-Resolution_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SAT: 2D Semantics Assisted Training for 3D Visual Grounding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_SAT_2D_Semantics_Assisted_Training_for_3D_Visual_Grounding_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Sample Efficient Detection and Classification of Adversarial Attacks via Self-Supervised Embeddings
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Moayeri_Sample_Efficient_Detection_and_Classification_of_Adversarial_Attacks_via_Self-Supervised_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Toward a Visual Concept Vocabulary for GAN Latent Space
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Schwettmann_Toward_a_Visual_Concept_Vocabulary_for_GAN_Latent_Space_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised 3D Semantic Segmentation Using Cross-Image Consensus and Inter-Voxel Affinity Relations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhu_Weakly_Supervised_3D_Semantic_Segmentation_Using_Cross-Image_Consensus_and_Inter-Voxel_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Bootstrap Your Own Correspondences
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Banani_Bootstrap_Your_Own_Correspondences_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Detecting Human-Object Relationships in Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ji_Detecting_Human-Object_Relationships_in_Videos_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Adaptive Curriculum Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kong_Adaptive_Curriculum_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
TkML-AP: Adversarial Attacks to Top-k Multi-Label Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hu_TkML-AP_Adversarial_Attacks_to_Top-k_Multi-Label_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Sparse-Shot Learning With Exclusive Cross-Entropy for Extremely Many Localisations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Panteli_Sparse-Shot_Learning_With_Exclusive_Cross-Entropy_for_Extremely_Many_Localisations_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Motion Deblurring With Real Events
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_Motion_Deblurring_With_Real_Events_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Visual Saliency Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Visual_Saliency_Transformer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Event-Based Video Reconstruction Using Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Weng_Event-Based_Video_Reconstruction_Using_Transformer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Naturalistic Physical Adversarial Patch for Object Detectors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hu_Naturalistic_Physical_Adversarial_Patch_for_Object_Detectors_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Attentive and Contrastive Learning for Joint Depth and Motion Field Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lee_Attentive_and_Contrastive_Learning_for_Joint_Depth_and_Motion_Field_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Gradient Normalization for Generative Adversarial Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_Gradient_Normalization_for_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Free-Form Description Guided 3D Visual Graph Network for Object Grounding in Point Cloud
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Feng_Free-Form_Description_Guided_3D_Visual_Graph_Network_for_Object_Grounding_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
The Devil Is in the Task: Exploiting Reciprocal Appearance-Localization Features for Monocular 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zou_The_Devil_Is_in_the_Task_Exploiting_Reciprocal_Appearance-Localization_Features_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SimROD: A Simple Adaptation Method for Robust Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ramamonjison_SimROD_A_Simple_Adaptation_Method_for_Robust_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Gated3D: Monocular 3D Object Detection From Temporal Illumination Cues
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Julca-Aguilar_Gated3D_Monocular_3D_Object_Detection_From_Temporal_Illumination_Cues_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
iMAP: Implicit Mapping and Positioning in Real-Time
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sucar_iMAP_Implicit_Mapping_and_Positioning_in_Real-Time_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Conditional Diffusion for Interactive Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Conditional_Diffusion_for_Interactive_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised Active Learning for Semi-Supervised Models: Exploit Adversarial Examples With Graph-Based Virtual Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Guo_Semi-Supervised_Active_Learning_for_Semi-Supervised_Models_Exploit_Adversarial_Examples_With_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Conditional Variational Capsule Network for Open Set Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Guo_Conditional_Variational_Capsule_Network_for_Open_Set_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Real-World Prohibited Item Detection: A Large-Scale X-Ray Benchmark
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Towards_Real-World_Prohibited_Item_Detection_A_Large-Scale_X-Ray_Benchmark_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Let&#x27;s See Clearly: Contaminant Artifact Removal for Moving Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Lets_See_Clearly_Contaminant_Artifact_Removal_for_Moving_Cameras_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Generating Attribution Maps With Disentangled Masked Backpropagation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ruiz_Generating_Attribution_Maps_With_Disentangled_Masked_Backpropagation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Vessel Segmentation via Adversarial Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ma_Self-Supervised_Vessel_Segmentation_via_Adversarial_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Hybrid Self-Prior for Full 3D Mesh Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wei_Deep_Hybrid_Self-Prior_for_Full_3D_Mesh_Generation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Super Resolve Dynamic Scene From Continuous Spike Streams
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhao_Super_Resolve_Dynamic_Scene_From_Continuous_Spike_Streams_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Harnessing the Conditioning Sensorium for Improved Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Nederhood_Harnessing_the_Conditioning_Sensorium_for_Improved_Image_Translation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DRINet: A Dual-Representation Iterative Learning Network for Point Cloud Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ye_DRINet_A_Dual-Representation_Iterative_Learning_Network_for_Point_Cloud_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Spectral Leakage and Rethinking the Kernel Size in CNNs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Tomen_Spectral_Leakage_and_Rethinking_the_Kernel_Size_in_CNNs_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
High-Fidelity Pluralistic Image Completion With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wan_High-Fidelity_Pluralistic_Image_Completion_With_Transformers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Dance With Self-Attention: A New Look of Conditional Random Fields on Anomaly Detection in Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Purwanto_Dance_With_Self-Attention_A_New_Look_of_Conditional_Random_Fields_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Text Is Text, No Matter What: Unifying Text Recognition Using Knowledge Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Bhunia_Text_Is_Text_No_Matter_What_Unifying_Text_Recognition_Using_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
What You Can Learn by Staring at a Blank Wall
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sharma_What_You_Can_Learn_by_Staring_at_a_Blank_Wall_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Complementary Patch for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Complementary_Patch_for_Weakly_Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Hypercorrelation Squeeze for Few-Shot Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Min_Hypercorrelation_Squeeze_for_Few-Shot_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Digging Into Uncertainty in Self-Supervised Multi-View Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_Digging_Into_Uncertainty_in_Self-Supervised_Multi-View_Stereo_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Rethinking Transformer-Based Set Prediction for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sun_Rethinking_Transformer-Based_Set_Prediction_for_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unpaired Learning for Deep Image Deraining With Rain Direction Regularizer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Unpaired_Learning_for_Deep_Image_Deraining_With_Rain_Direction_Regularizer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Image Prior Learning With GMM From a Single Noisy Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Self-Supervised_Image_Prior_Learning_With_GMM_From_a_Single_Noisy_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
MultiSiam: Self-Supervised Multi-Instance Siamese Representation Learning for Autonomous Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_MultiSiam_Self-Supervised_Multi-Instance_Siamese_Representation_Learning_for_Autonomous_Driving_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Pano-AVQA: Grounded Audio-Visual Question Answering on 360deg Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yun_Pano-AVQA_Grounded_Audio-Visual_Question_Answering_on_360deg_Videos_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Broaden Your Views for Self-Supervised Video Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Recasens_Broaden_Your_Views_for_Self-Supervised_Video_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Boundary-Sensitive Pre-Training for Temporal Localization in Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_Boundary-Sensitive_Pre-Training_for_Temporal_Localization_in_Videos_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Explainable Video Entailment With Grounded Visual Evidence
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Explainable_Video_Entailment_With_Grounded_Visual_Evidence_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
PatchMatch-RL: Deep MVS With Pixelwise Depth, Normal, and Visibility
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lee_PatchMatch-RL_Deep_MVS_With_Pixelwise_Depth_Normal_and_Visibility_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Distinctiveness Oriented Positional Equilibrium for Point Cloud Registration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Min_Distinctiveness_Oriented_Positional_Equilibrium_for_Point_Cloud_Registration_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ELSD: Efficient Line Segment Detector and Descriptor
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_ELSD_Efficient_Line_Segment_Detector_and_Descriptor_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
V-DESIRR: Very Fast Deep Embedded Single Image Reflection Removal
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Prasad_V-DESIRR_Very_Fast_Deep_Embedded_Single_Image_Reflection_Removal_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
CrackFormer: Transformer Network for Fine-Grained Crack Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_CrackFormer_Transformer_Network_for_Fine-Grained_Crack_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Factorizing Perception and Policy for Interactive Instruction Following
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Singh_Factorizing_Perception_and_Policy_for_Interactive_Instruction_Following_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Detecting Invisible People
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Khurana_Detecting_Invisible_People_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Boosting Weakly Supervised Object Detection via Learning Bounding Box Adjusters
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Dong_Boosting_Weakly_Supervised_Object_Detection_via_Learning_Bounding_Box_Adjusters_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Group-Wise Inhibition Based Feature Regularization for Robust Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Group-Wise_Inhibition_Based_Feature_Regularization_for_Robust_Classification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Incorporating Convolution Designs Into Visual Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yuan_Incorporating_Convolution_Designs_Into_Visual_Transformers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
CaT: Weakly Supervised Object Detection With Category Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cao_CaT_Weakly_Supervised_Object_Detection_With_Category_Transfer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Scaling Semantic Segmentation Beyond 1K Classes on a Single GPU
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jain_Scaling_Semantic_Segmentation_Beyond_1K_Classes_on_a_Single_GPU_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Searching for Robustness: Loss Learning for Noisy Classification Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gao_Searching_for_Robustness_Loss_Learning_for_Noisy_Classification_Tasks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Handwriting Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Bhunia_Handwriting_Transformers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Dynamic DETR: End-to-End Object Detection With Dynamic Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Dai_Dynamic_DETR_End-to-End_Object_Detection_With_Dynamic_Attention_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Watch Only Once: An End-to-End Video Action Detection Framework
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Watch_Only_Once_An_End-to-End_Video_Action_Detection_Framework_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Spatial-Temporal Consistency Network for Low-Latency Trajectory Forecasting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Spatial-Temporal_Consistency_Network_for_Low-Latency_Trajectory_Forecasting_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Point Cloud Augmentation With Weighted Local Transformations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_Point_Cloud_Augmentation_With_Weighted_Local_Transformations_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Explaining in Style: Training a GAN To Explain a Classifier in StyleSpace
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lang_Explaining_in_Style_Training_a_GAN_To_Explain_a_Classifier_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Exploring Visual Engagement Signals for Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jia_Exploring_Visual_Engagement_Signals_for_Representation_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
MUSIQ: Multi-Scale Image Quality Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ke_MUSIQ_Multi-Scale_Image_Quality_Transformer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
FcaNet: Frequency Channel Attention Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Qin_FcaNet_Frequency_Channel_Attention_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Matching in the Dark: A Dataset for Matching Image Pairs of Low-Light Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Song_Matching_in_the_Dark_A_Dataset_for_Matching_Image_Pairs_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Motivated Communication Agent for Real-World Vision-Dialog Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhu_Self-Motivated_Communication_Agent_for_Real-World_Vision-Dialog_Navigation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Motion-Appearance Co-Attention for Zero-Shot Video Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_Learning_Motion-Appearance_Co-Attention_for_Zero-Shot_Video_Object_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Putting NeRF on a Diet: Semantically Consistent Few-Shot View Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jain_Putting_NeRF_on_a_Diet_Semantically_Consistent_Few-Shot_View_Synthesis_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
CrossDet: Crossline Representation for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Qiu_CrossDet_Crossline_Representation_for_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Universal and Flexible Optical Aberration Correction Using Deep-Prior Based Deconvolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Universal_and_Flexible_Optical_Aberration_Correction_Using_Deep-Prior_Based_Deconvolution_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
E-ViL: A Dataset and Benchmark for Natural Language Explanations in Vision-Language Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kayser_E-ViL_A_Dataset_and_Benchmark_for_Natural_Language_Explanations_in_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Unsupervised Metaformer for Anomaly Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_Learning_Unsupervised_Metaformer_for_Anomaly_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
HighlightMe: Detecting Highlights From Human-Centric Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Bhattacharya_HighlightMe_Detecting_Highlights_From_Human-Centric_Videos_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Variable-Rate Deep Image Compression Through Spatially-Adaptive Feature Transform
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Song_Variable-Rate_Deep_Image_Compression_Through_Spatially-Adaptive_Feature_Transform_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DeePSD: Automatic Deep Skinning and Pose Space Deformation for 3D Garment Animation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Bertiche_DeePSD_Automatic_Deep_Skinning_and_Pose_Space_Deformation_for_3D_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Rethinking Coarse-To-Fine Approach in Single Image Deblurring
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cho_Rethinking_Coarse-To-Fine_Approach_in_Single_Image_Deblurring_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Instance Pose Networks: Rethinking Top-Down Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Khirodkar_Multi-Instance_Pose_Networks_Rethinking_Top-Down_Pose_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Rational Polynomial Camera Model Warping for Deep Learning Based Satellite Multi-View Stereo Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gao_Rational_Polynomial_Camera_Model_Warping_for_Deep_Learning_Based_Satellite_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
A New Journey From SDRTV to HDRTV
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_A_New_Journey_From_SDRTV_to_HDRTV_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ELLIPSDF: Joint Object Pose and Shape Optimization With a Bi-Level Ellipsoid and Signed Distance Function Description
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shan_ELLIPSDF_Joint_Object_Pose_and_Shape_Optimization_With_a_Bi-Level_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SCOUTER: Slot Attention-Based Classifier for Explainable Image Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_SCOUTER_Slot_Attention-Based_Classifier_for_Explainable_Image_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Spatio-Temporal Self-Supervised Representation Learning for 3D Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Huang_Spatio-Temporal_Self-Supervised_Representation_Learning_for_3D_Point_Clouds_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Vision-Language Navigation With Random Environmental Mixup
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Vision-Language_Navigation_With_Random_Environmental_Mixup_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Generate Scene Graph From Natural Language Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhong_Learning_To_Generate_Scene_Graph_From_Natural_Language_Supervision_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Editing Conditional Radiance Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Editing_Conditional_Radiance_Fields_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Global Pooling, More Than Meets the Eye: Position Information Is Encoded Channel-Wise in CNNs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Islam_Global_Pooling_More_Than_Meets_the_Eye_Position_Information_Is_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
CvT: Introducing Convolutions to Vision Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_CvT_Introducing_Convolutions_to_Vision_Transformers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Pseudo-Mask Matters in Weakly-Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Pseudo-Mask_Matters_in_Weakly-Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
COTR: Correspondence Transformer for Matching Across Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jiang_COTR_Correspondence_Transformer_for_Matching_Across_Images_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
End-to-End Semi-Supervised Object Detection With Soft Teacher
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_End-to-End_Semi-Supervised_Object_Detection_With_Soft_Teacher_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Zen-NAS: A Zero-Shot NAS for High-Performance Image Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lin_Zen-NAS_A_Zero-Shot_NAS_for_High-Performance_Image_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Virtual Light Transport Matrices for Non-Line-of-Sight Imaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Marco_Virtual_Light_Transport_Matrices_for_Non-Line-of-Sight_Imaging_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DecentLaM: Decentralized Momentum SGD for Large-Batch Deep Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yuan_DecentLaM_Decentralized_Momentum_SGD_for_Large-Batch_Deep_Training_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Video Object Segmentation With Dynamic Memory Networks and Adaptive Object Alignment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liang_Video_Object_Segmentation_With_Dynamic_Memory_Networks_and_Adaptive_Object_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Augmented Lagrangian Adversarial Attacks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Rony_Augmented_Lagrangian_Adversarial_Attacks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Contrastive Multimodal Fusion With TupleInfoNCE
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Contrastive_Multimodal_Fusion_With_TupleInfoNCE_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Reparametrization of Multi-Frame Super-Resolution and Denoising
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Bhat_Deep_Reparametrization_of_Multi-Frame_Super-Resolution_and_Denoising_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ViViT: A Video Vision Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Arnab_ViViT_A_Video_Vision_Transformer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
StyleCLIP: Text-Driven Manipulation of StyleGAN Imagery
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Patashnik_StyleCLIP_Text-Driven_Manipulation_of_StyleGAN_Imagery_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Meta-Attack: Class-Agnostic and Model-Agnostic Physical Adversarial Attack
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Feng_Meta-Attack_Class-Agnostic_and_Model-Agnostic_Physical_Adversarial_Attack_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Lucas-Kanade Reloaded: End-to-End Super-Resolution From Raw Image Bursts
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lecouat_Lucas-Kanade_Reloaded_End-to-End_Super-Resolution_From_Raw_Image_Bursts_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
PR-GCN: A Deep Graph Convolutional Network With Point Refinement for 6D Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhou_PR-GCN_A_Deep_Graph_Convolutional_Network_With_Point_Refinement_for_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
RINDNet: Edge Detection for Discontinuity in Reflectance, Illumination, Normal and Depth
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Pu_RINDNet_Edge_Detection_for_Discontinuity_in_Reflectance_Illumination_Normal_and_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Are We Missing Confidence in Pseudo-LiDAR Methods for Monocular 3D Object Detection?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Simonelli_Are_We_Missing_Confidence_in_Pseudo-LiDAR_Methods_for_Monocular_3D_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
On the Limits of Pseudo Ground Truth in Visual Camera Re-Localisation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Brachmann_On_the_Limits_of_Pseudo_Ground_Truth_in_Visual_Camera_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
An Elastica Geodesic Approach With Convexity Shape Prior
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_An_Elastica_Geodesic_Approach_With_Convexity_Shape_Prior_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
AdaAttN: Revisit Attention Mechanism in Arbitrary Neural Style Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_AdaAttN_Revisit_Attention_Mechanism_in_Arbitrary_Neural_Style_Transfer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Adaptive Boundary Proposal Network for Arbitrary Shape Text Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Adaptive_Boundary_Proposal_Network_for_Arbitrary_Shape_Text_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Video Matting via Consistency-Regularized Graph Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Video_Matting_via_Consistency-Regularized_Graph_Neural_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Inverting a Rolling Shutter Camera: Bring Rolling Shutter Images to High Framerate Global Shutter Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Fan_Inverting_a_Rolling_Shutter_Camera_Bring_Rolling_Shutter_Images_to_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Human Detection and Segmentation via Multi-View Consensus
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Katircioglu_Human_Detection_and_Segmentation_via_Multi-View_Consensus_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
GDP: Stabilized Neural Network Pruning via Gates With Differentiable Polarization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Guo_GDP_Stabilized_Neural_Network_Pruning_via_Gates_With_Differentiable_Polarization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multimodal Knowledge Expansion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xue_Multimodal_Knowledge_Expansion_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Bundle-Adjust: A Graph Network Approach to Faster Optimization of Bundle Adjustment for Vehicular SLAM
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Tanaka_Learning_To_Bundle-Adjust_A_Graph_Network_Approach_to_Faster_Optimization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
MosaicOS: A Simple and Effective Use of Object-Centric Images for Long-Tailed Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_MosaicOS_A_Simple_and_Effective_Use_of_Object-Centric_Images_for_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Bringing Events Into Video Deblurring With Non-Consecutively Blurry Frames
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shang_Bringing_Events_Into_Video_Deblurring_With_Non-Consecutively_Blurry_Frames_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Extreme-Quality Computational Imaging via Degradation Framework
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Extreme-Quality_Computational_Imaging_via_Degradation_Framework_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Attack-Guided Perceptual Data Generation for Real-World Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Huang_Attack-Guided_Perceptual_Data_Generation_for_Real-World_Re-Identification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Joint Topology-Preserving and Feature-Refinement Network for Curvilinear Structure Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cheng_Joint_Topology-Preserving_and_Feature-Refinement_Network_for_Curvilinear_Structure_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Human-Object Interaction Detection in Video via Contrastive Spatiotemporal Regions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Weakly_Supervised_Human-Object_Interaction_Detection_in_Video_via_Contrastive_Spatiotemporal_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Generative Layout Modeling Using Constraint Graphs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Para_Generative_Layout_Modeling_Using_Constraint_Graphs_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ZFlow: Gated Appearance Flow-Based Virtual Try-On With 3D Priors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chopra_ZFlow_Gated_Appearance_Flow-Based_Virtual_Try-On_With_3D_Priors_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Overfitting the Data: Compact Neural Video Delivery via Content-Aware Feature Modulation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Overfitting_the_Data_Compact_Neural_Video_Delivery_via_Content-Aware_Feature_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Relative Spatial Reasoning for Visual Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Banerjee_Weakly_Supervised_Relative_Spatial_Reasoning_for_Visual_Question_Answering_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Cascade Image Matting With Deformable Graph Refinement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yu_Cascade_Image_Matting_With_Deformable_Graph_Refinement_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Preservational Learning Improves Self-Supervised Medical Image Models by Reconstructing Diverse Contexts
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhou_Preservational_Learning_Improves_Self-Supervised_Medical_Image_Models_by_Reconstructing_Diverse_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Rethinking Counting and Localization in Crowds: A Purely Point-Based Framework
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Song_Rethinking_Counting_and_Localization_in_Crowds_A_Purely_Point-Based_Framework_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
The Right To Talk: An Audio-Visual Transformer Approach
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Truong_The_Right_To_Talk_An_Audio-Visual_Transformer_Approach_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Real-World Super-Resolution: A Domain Adaptation Perspective
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Unsupervised_Real-World_Super-Resolution_A_Domain_Adaptation_Perspective_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Consistency-Sensitivity Guided Ensemble Black-Box Adversarial Attacks in Low-Dimensional Spaces
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yuan_Consistency-Sensitivity_Guided_Ensemble_Black-Box_Adversarial_Attacks_in_Low-Dimensional_Spaces_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Vision Transformer With Progressive Sampling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yue_Vision_Transformer_With_Progressive_Sampling_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ICON: Learning Regular Maps Through Inverse Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Greer_ICON_Learning_Regular_Maps_Through_Inverse_Consistency_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Structure-Preserving Deraining With Residue Channel Prior Guidance
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yi_Structure-Preserving_Deraining_With_Residue_Channel_Prior_Guidance_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Fast and Efficient DNN Deployment via Deep Gaussian Transfer Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sun_Fast_and_Efficient_DNN_Deployment_via_Deep_Gaussian_Transfer_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
RGB-D Saliency Detection via Cascaded Mutual Information Minimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_RGB-D_Saliency_Detection_via_Cascaded_Mutual_Information_Minimization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
A Weakly Supervised Amodal Segmenter With Boundary Uncertainty Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Nguyen_A_Weakly_Supervised_Amodal_Segmenter_With_Boundary_Uncertainty_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Cross-Camera Convolutional Color Constancy
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Afifi_Cross-Camera_Convolutional_Color_Constancy_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
N-ImageNet: Towards Robust, Fine-Grained Object Recognition With Event Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_N-ImageNet_Towards_Robust_Fine-Grained_Object_Recognition_With_Event_Cameras_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Who&#x27;s Waldo? Linking People Across Text and Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cui_Whos_Waldo_Linking_People_Across_Text_and_Images_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Switchable K-Class Hyperplanes for Noise-Robust Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Switchable_K-Class_Hyperplanes_for_Noise-Robust_Representation_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
BlockPlanner: City Block Generation With Vectorized Graph Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_BlockPlanner_City_Block_Generation_With_Vectorized_Graph_Representation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
VLGrammar: Grounded Grammar Induction of Vision and Language
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hong_VLGrammar_Grounded_Grammar_Induction_of_Vision_and_Language_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
CPFN: Cascaded Primitive Fitting Networks for High-Resolution Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Le_CPFN_Cascaded_Primitive_Fitting_Networks_for_High-Resolution_Point_Clouds_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Signed Distance Field for Multi-View Surface Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Learning_Signed_Distance_Field_for_Multi-View_Surface_Reconstruction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Linguistically Routing Capsule Network for Out-of-Distribution Visual Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cao_Linguistically_Routing_Capsule_Network_for_Out-of-Distribution_Visual_Question_Answering_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Neural Articulated Radiance Field
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Noguchi_Neural_Articulated_Radiance_Field_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Student Customized Knowledge Distillation: Bridging the Gap Between Student and Teacher
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhu_Student_Customized_Knowledge_Distillation_Bridging_the_Gap_Between_Student_and_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
A Machine Teaching Framework for Scalable Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_A_Machine_Teaching_Framework_for_Scalable_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Real-World Video Super-Resolution: A Benchmark Dataset and a Decomposition Based Learning Scheme
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_Real-World_Video_Super-Resolution_A_Benchmark_Dataset_and_a_Decomposition_Based_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ASCNet: Self-Supervised Video Representation Learning With Appearance-Speed Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Huang_ASCNet_Self-Supervised_Video_Representation_Learning_With_Appearance-Speed_Consistency_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Improving Generalization of Batch Whitening by Convolutional Unit Optimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cho_Improving_Generalization_of_Batch_Whitening_by_Convolutional_Unit_Optimization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Statistically Consistent Saliency Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Luo_Statistically_Consistent_Saliency_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
From Contexts to Locality: Ultra-High Resolution Image Segmentation via Locality-Aware Contextual Correlation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_From_Contexts_to_Locality_Ultra-High_Resolution_Image_Segmentation_via_Locality-Aware_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Channel-Wise Knowledge Distillation for Dense Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shu_Channel-Wise_Knowledge_Distillation_for_Dense_Prediction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-View 3D Reconstruction With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Multi-View_3D_Reconstruction_With_Transformers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Q-Match: Iterative Shape Matching via Quantum Annealing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Benkner_Q-Match_Iterative_Shape_Matching_via_Quantum_Annealing_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Fast Convergence of DETR With Spatially Modulated Co-Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gao_Fast_Convergence_of_DETR_With_Spatially_Modulated_Co-Attention_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
T-AutoML: Automated Machine Learning for Lesion Segmentation Using Transformers in 3D Medical Imaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_T-AutoML_Automated_Machine_Learning_for_Lesion_Segmentation_Using_Transformers_in_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Better Segment Objects From Unseen Classes With Unlabeled Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Du_Learning_To_Better_Segment_Objects_From_Unseen_Classes_With_Unlabeled_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Point Cloud Object Co-Segmentation by Co-Contrastive Learning and Mutual Attention Sampling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_Unsupervised_Point_Cloud_Object_Co-Segmentation_by_Co-Contrastive_Learning_and_Mutual_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Meta Pairwise Relationship Distillation for Unsupervised Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ji_Meta_Pairwise_Relationship_Distillation_for_Unsupervised_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Robustness Certification for Point Cloud Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lorenz_Robustness_Certification_for_Point_Cloud_Models_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Hierarchical Conditional Flow: A Unified Framework for Image Super-Resolution and Image Rescaling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liang_Hierarchical_Conditional_Flow_A_Unified_Framework_for_Image_Super-Resolution_and_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Syncretic Modality Collaborative Learning for Visible Infrared Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wei_Syncretic_Modality_Collaborative_Learning_for_Visible_Infrared_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Re-Aging GAN: Toward Personalized Face Age Transformation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Makhmudkhujaev_Re-Aging_GAN_Toward_Personalized_Face_Age_Transformation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SeLFVi: Self-Supervised Light-Field Video Reconstruction From Stereo Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shedligeri_SeLFVi_Self-Supervised_Light-Field_Video_Reconstruction_From_Stereo_Video_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Cross-Encoder for Unsupervised Gaze Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sun_Cross-Encoder_for_Unsupervised_Gaze_Representation_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Event-Intensity Stereo: Estimating Depth by the Best of Both Worlds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Mostafavi_Event-Intensity_Stereo_Estimating_Depth_by_the_Best_of_Both_Worlds_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
When Do GANs Replicate? On the Choice of Dataset Size
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Feng_When_Do_GANs_Replicate_On_the_Choice_of_Dataset_Size_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Just One Moment: Structural Vulnerability of Deep Action Recognition Against One Frame Attack
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hwang_Just_One_Moment_Structural_Vulnerability_of_Deep_Action_Recognition_Against_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Big Self-Supervised Models Advance Medical Image Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Azizi_Big_Self-Supervised_Models_Advance_Medical_Image_Classification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Scene Context-Aware Salient Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Siris_Scene_Context-Aware_Salient_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Frequency-Aware Dynamic Network for Efficient Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xie_Learning_Frequency-Aware_Dynamic_Network_for_Efficient_Super-Resolution_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Residual Attention: A Simple but Effective Method for Multi-Label Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhu_Residual_Attention_A_Simple_but_Effective_Method_for_Multi-Label_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
On Generating Transferable Targeted Perturbations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Naseer_On_Generating_Transferable_Targeted_Perturbations_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
GraphFPN: Graph Feature Pyramid Network for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhao_GraphFPN_Graph_Feature_Pyramid_Network_for_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
NeuSpike-Net: High Speed Video Reconstruction via Bio-Inspired Neuromorphic Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhu_NeuSpike-Net_High_Speed_Video_Reconstruction_via_Bio-Inspired_Neuromorphic_Cameras_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Local Temperature Scaling for Probability Calibration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ding_Local_Temperature_Scaling_for_Probability_Calibration_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
WarpedGANSpace: Finding Non-Linear RBF Paths in GAN Latent Space
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Tzelepis_WarpedGANSpace_Finding_Non-Linear_RBF_Paths_in_GAN_Latent_Space_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Generic Attention-Model Explainability for Interpreting Bi-Modal and Encoder-Decoder Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chefer_Generic_Attention-Model_Explainability_for_Interpreting_Bi-Modal_and_Encoder-Decoder_Transformers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Real-Time Image Enhancer via Learnable Spatial-Aware 3D Lookup Tables
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Real-Time_Image_Enhancer_via_Learnable_Spatial-Aware_3D_Lookup_Tables_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
STAR: A Structure-Aware Lightweight Transformer for Real-Time Image Enhancement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_STAR_A_Structure-Aware_Lightweight_Transformer_for_Real-Time_Image_Enhancement_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Reconcile Prediction Consistency for Balanced Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Reconcile_Prediction_Consistency_for_Balanced_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
A Confidence-Based Iterative Solver of Depths and Surface Normals for Deep Multi-View Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhao_A_Confidence-Based_Iterative_Solver_of_Depths_and_Surface_Normals_for_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Frozen in Time: A Joint Video and Image Encoder for End-to-End Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Bain_Frozen_in_Time_A_Joint_Video_and_Image_Encoder_for_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Mixed-Precision Quantization of Neural Networks via Constrained Optimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Towards_Mixed-Precision_Quantization_of_Neural_Networks_via_Constrained_Optimization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Dual-Camera Super-Resolution With Aligned Attention Modules
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Dual-Camera_Super-Resolution_With_Aligned_Attention_Modules_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
NASOA: Towards Faster Task-Oriented Online Fine-Tuning With a Zoo of Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_NASOA_Towards_Faster_Task-Oriented_Online_Fine-Tuning_With_a_Zoo_of_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
RandomRooms: Unsupervised Pre-Training From Synthetic Shapes and Randomized Layouts for 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Rao_RandomRooms_Unsupervised_Pre-Training_From_Synthetic_Shapes_and_Randomized_Layouts_for_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Integer-Arithmetic-Only Certified Robustness for Quantized Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lin_Integer-Arithmetic-Only_Certified_Robustness_for_Quantized_Neural_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Conformer: Local Features Coupling Global Representations for Visual Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Peng_Conformer_Local_Features_Coupling_Global_Representations_for_Visual_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Lightweight Multi-Person Total Motion Capture Using Sparse Multi-View Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Lightweight_Multi-Person_Total_Motion_Capture_Using_Sparse_Multi-View_Cameras_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
AGKD-BML: Defense Against Adversarial Attack by Attention Guided Knowledge Distillation and Bi-Directional Metric Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_AGKD-BML_Defense_Against_Adversarial_Attack_by_Attention_Guided_Knowledge_Distillation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
MGSampler: An Explainable Sampling Strategy for Video Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhi_MGSampler_An_Explainable_Sampling_Strategy_for_Video_Action_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Recurrent Mask Refinement for Few-Shot Medical Image Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Tang_Recurrent_Mask_Refinement_for_Few-Shot_Medical_Image_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Prototypical Matching and Open Set Rejection for Zero-Shot Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Prototypical_Matching_and_Open_Set_Rejection_for_Zero-Shot_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
GarmentNets: Category-Level Pose Estimation for Garments via Canonical Space Shape Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chi_GarmentNets_Category-Level_Pose_Estimation_for_Garments_via_Canonical_Space_Shape_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Reliably Fast Adversarial Training via Latent Adversarial Perturbation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Park_Reliably_Fast_Adversarial_Training_via_Latent_Adversarial_Perturbation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
R-SLAM: Optimizing Eye Tracking From Rolling Shutter Video of the Retina
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shenoy_R-SLAM_Optimizing_Eye_Tracking_From_Rolling_Shutter_Video_of_the_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Inference of Black Hole Fluid-Dynamics From Sparse Interferometric Measurements
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Levis_Inference_of_Black_Hole_Fluid-Dynamics_From_Sparse_Interferometric_Measurements_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Beyond Question-Based Biases: Assessing Multimodal Shortcut Learning in Visual Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Dancette_Beyond_Question-Based_Biases_Assessing_Multimodal_Shortcut_Learning_in_Visual_Question_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
H3D-Net: Few-Shot High-Fidelity 3D Head Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ramon_H3D-Net_Few-Shot_High-Fidelity_3D_Head_Reconstruction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Video Question Answering Using Language-Guided Deep Compressed-Domain Video Feature
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_Video_Question_Answering_Using_Language-Guided_Deep_Compressed-Domain_Video_Feature_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Image2Reverb: Cross-Modal Reverb Impulse Response Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Singh_Image2Reverb_Cross-Modal_Reverb_Impulse_Response_Synthesis_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Spatio-Temporal Dynamic Inference Network for Group Activity Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yuan_Spatio-Temporal_Dynamic_Inference_Network_for_Group_Activity_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
High Quality Disparity Remapping With Two-Stage Warping
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_High_Quality_Disparity_Remapping_With_Two-Stage_Warping_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
TrivialAugment: Tuning-Free Yet State-of-the-Art Data Augmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Muller_TrivialAugment_Tuning-Free_Yet_State-of-the-Art_Data_Augmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Discover Reflection Symmetry via Polar Matching Convolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Seo_Learning_To_Discover_Reflection_Symmetry_via_Polar_Matching_Convolution_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Crossover Learning for Fast Online Video Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_Crossover_Learning_for_Fast_Online_Video_Instance_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multiview Pseudo-Labeling for Semi-Supervised Learning From Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xiong_Multiview_Pseudo-Labeling_for_Semi-Supervised_Learning_From_Video_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SketchLattice: Latticed Representation for Sketch Manipulation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Qi_SketchLattice_Latticed_Representation_for_Sketch_Manipulation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
End-to-End Trainable Trident Person Search Network Using Adaptive Gradient Propagation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Han_End-to-End_Trainable_Trident_Person_Search_Network_Using_Adaptive_Gradient_Propagation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Polarimetric Helmholtz Stereopsis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ding_Polarimetric_Helmholtz_Stereopsis_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Mutating Network for Domain Adaptive Segmentation in Aerial Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lee_Self-Mutating_Network_for_Domain_Adaptive_Segmentation_in_Aerial_Images_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Baking Neural Radiance Fields for Real-Time View Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hedman_Baking_Neural_Radiance_Fields_for_Real-Time_View_Synthesis_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Parallel Rectangle Flip Attack: A Query-Based Black-Box Attack Against Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liang_Parallel_Rectangle_Flip_Attack_A_Query-Based_Black-Box_Attack_Against_Object_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
A Light Stage on Every Desk
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sengupta_A_Light_Stage_on_Every_Desk_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Level Curriculum for Training a Distortion-Aware Barrel Distortion Rectification Model
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liao_Multi-Level_Curriculum_for_Training_a_Distortion-Aware_Barrel_Distortion_Rectification_Model_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DepthInSpace: Exploitation and Fusion of Multiple Video Frames for Structured-Light Depth Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Johari_DepthInSpace_Exploitation_and_Fusion_of_Multiple_Video_Frames_for_Structured-Light_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Dynamic Interpolation for Extremely Sparse Light Fields With Wide Baselines
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Guo_Learning_Dynamic_Interpolation_for_Extremely_Sparse_Light_Fields_With_Wide_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Ultra-High-Definition Image HDR Reconstruction via Collaborative Bilateral Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zheng_Ultra-High-Definition_Image_HDR_Reconstruction_via_Collaborative_Bilateral_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Visual Relationship Detection Using Part-and-Sum Transformers With Composite Queries
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Dong_Visual_Relationship_Detection_Using_Part-and-Sum_Transformers_With_Composite_Queries_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Diversify for Single Domain Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Learning_To_Diversify_for_Single_Domain_Generalization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Sensor-Guided Optical Flow
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Poggi_Sensor-Guided_Optical_Flow_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Wasserstein Coupled Graph Learning for Cross-Modal Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Wasserstein_Coupled_Graph_Learning_for_Cross-Modal_Retrieval_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ADNet: Leveraging Error-Bias Towards Normal Direction in Face Alignment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Huang_ADNet_Leveraging_Error-Bias_Towards_Normal_Direction_in_Face_Alignment_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Pixel-Perfect Structure-From-Motion With Featuremetric Refinement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lindenberger_Pixel-Perfect_Structure-From-Motion_With_Featuremetric_Refinement_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Distance-Aware Quantization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_Distance-Aware_Quantization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Shape-Biased Domain Generalization via Shock Graph Embeddings
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Narayanan_Shape-Biased_Domain_Generalization_via_Shock_Graph_Embeddings_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Cut by Watching Movies
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Pardo_Learning_To_Cut_by_Watching_Movies_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Generic Event Boundary Detection: A Benchmark for Event Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shou_Generic_Event_Boundary_Detection_A_Benchmark_for_Event_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
How Shift Equivariance Impacts Metric Learning for Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Rumberger_How_Shift_Equivariance_Impacts_Metric_Learning_for_Instance_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Calibrated Adversarial Refinement for Stochastic Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kassapis_Calibrated_Adversarial_Refinement_for_Stochastic_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Fooling LiDAR Perception via Adversarial Trajectory Perturbation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Fooling_LiDAR_Perception_via_Adversarial_Trajectory_Perturbation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Extreme Structure From Motion for Indoor Panoramas Without Visual Overlaps
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shabani_Extreme_Structure_From_Motion_for_Indoor_Panoramas_Without_Visual_Overlaps_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Dynamic Context-Sensitive Filtering Network for Video Salient Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Dynamic_Context-Sensitive_Filtering_Network_for_Video_Salient_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Fake It Till You Make It: Face Analysis in the Wild Using Synthetic Data Alone
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wood_Fake_It_Till_You_Make_It_Face_Analysis_in_the_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Predictive Feature Learning for Future Segmentation Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lin_Predictive_Feature_Learning_for_Future_Segmentation_Prediction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Semantic Aware Data Augmentation for Cell Nuclei Microscopical Images With Artificial Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Naghizadeh_Semantic_Aware_Data_Augmentation_for_Cell_Nuclei_Microscopical_Images_With_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
NerfingMVS: Guided Optimization of Neural Radiance Fields for Indoor Multi-View Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wei_NerfingMVS_Guided_Optimization_of_Neural_Radiance_Fields_for_Indoor_Multi-View_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
When Pigs Fly: Contextual Reasoning in Synthetic and Natural Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Bomatter_When_Pigs_Fly_Contextual_Reasoning_in_Synthetic_and_Natural_Scenes_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
You Don&#x27;t Only Look Once: Constructing Spatial-Temporal Memory for Integrated 3D Object Detection and Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sun_You_Dont_Only_Look_Once_Constructing_Spatial-Temporal_Memory_for_Integrated_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SPatchGAN: A Statistical Feature Based Discriminator for Unsupervised Image-to-Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shao_SPatchGAN_A_Statistical_Feature_Based_Discriminator_for_Unsupervised_Image-to-Image_Translation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Sub-Bit Neural Networks: Learning To Compress and Accelerate Binary Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Sub-Bit_Neural_Networks_Learning_To_Compress_and_Accelerate_Binary_Neural_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
CODEs: Chamfer Out-of-Distribution Examples Against Overconfidence Issue
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Tang_CODEs_Chamfer_Out-of-Distribution_Examples_Against_Overconfidence_Issue_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
LayoutTransformer: Layout Generation and Completion With Self-Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gupta_LayoutTransformer_Layout_Generation_and_Completion_With_Self-Attention_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Physics-Enhanced Machine Learning for Virtual Fluorescence Microscopy
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cooke_Physics-Enhanced_Machine_Learning_for_Virtual_Fluorescence_Microscopy_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Dynamic Attentive Graph Learning for Image Restoration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Mou_Dynamic_Attentive_Graph_Learning_for_Image_Restoration_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Exploring Geometry-Aware Contrast and Clustering Harmonization for Self-Supervised 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liang_Exploring_Geometry-Aware_Contrast_and_Clustering_Harmonization_for_Self-Supervised_3D_Object_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Meta-Class Memory for Few-Shot Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_Learning_Meta-Class_Memory_for_Few-Shot_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised Active Learning With Temporal Output Discrepancy
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Huang_Semi-Supervised_Active_Learning_With_Temporal_Output_Discrepancy_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Large-Scale Robust Deep AUC Maximization: A New Surrogate Loss and Empirical Studies on Medical Image Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yuan_Large-Scale_Robust_Deep_AUC_Maximization_A_New_Surrogate_Loss_and_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Ground-Truth or DAER: Selective Re-Query of Secondary Information
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lemmer_Ground-Truth_or_DAER_Selective_Re-Query_of_Secondary_Information_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
End-to-End Dense Video Captioning With Parallel Decoding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_End-to-End_Dense_Video_Captioning_With_Parallel_Decoding_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
StarEnhancer: Learning Real-Time and Style-Aware Image Enhancement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Song_StarEnhancer_Learning_Real-Time_and_Style-Aware_Image_Enhancement_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Can Shape Structure Features Improve Model Robustness Under Diverse Adversarial Settings?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sun_Can_Shape_Structure_Features_Improve_Model_Robustness_Under_Diverse_Adversarial_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Class Cell Detection Using Spatial Context Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Abousamra_Multi-Class_Cell_Detection_Using_Spatial_Context_Representation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Localize to Binauralize: Audio Spatialization From Visual Sound Source Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Rachavarapu_Localize_to_Binauralize_Audio_Spatialization_From_Visual_Sound_Source_Localization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ALL Snow Removed: Single Image Desnowing Algorithm Using Hierarchical Dual-Tree Complex Wavelet Representation and Contradict Channel Loss
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_ALL_Snow_Removed_Single_Image_Desnowing_Algorithm_Using_Hierarchical_Dual-Tree_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Grafit: Learning Fine-Grained Image Representations With Coarse Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Touvron_Grafit_Learning_Fine-Grained_Image_Representations_With_Coarse_Labels_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Equivariant Imaging: Learning Beyond the Range Space
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Equivariant_Imaging_Learning_Beyond_the_Range_Space_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Mitigating Intensity Bias in Shadow Detection via Feature Decomposition and Reweighting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhu_Mitigating_Intensity_Bias_in_Shadow_Detection_via_Feature_Decomposition_and_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Joint Representation Learning and Novel Category Discovery on Single- and Multi-Modal Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jia_Joint_Representation_Learning_and_Novel_Category_Discovery_on_Single-_and_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
CANet: A Context-Aware Network for Shadow Removal
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_CANet_A_Context-Aware_Network_for_Shadow_Removal_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Semantic Perturbations With Normalizing Flows for Improved Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yuksel_Semantic_Perturbations_With_Normalizing_Flows_for_Improved_Generalization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Audio-Visual Floorplan Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Purushwalkam_Audio-Visual_Floorplan_Reconstruction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
TOOD: Task-Aligned One-Stage Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Feng_TOOD_Task-Aligned_One-Stage_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Generalizable Mixed-Precision Quantization via Attribution Rank Preservation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Generalizable_Mixed-Precision_Quantization_via_Attribution_Rank_Preservation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Robustness of Deep Neural Networks via Regularization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Towards_Robustness_of_Deep_Neural_Networks_via_Regularization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
IntraTomo: Self-Supervised Learning-Based Tomography via Sinogram Synthesis and Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zang_IntraTomo_Self-Supervised_Learning-Based_Tomography_via_Sinogram_Synthesis_and_Prediction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Differentiable Surface Rendering via Non-Differentiable Sampling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cole_Differentiable_Surface_Rendering_via_Non-Differentiable_Sampling_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Distillation-Guided Image Inpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Suin_Distillation-Guided_Image_Inpainting_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Real-Time Instance Segmentation With Discriminative Orientation Maps
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Du_Real-Time_Instance_Segmentation_With_Discriminative_Orientation_Maps_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Segmenter: Transformer for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Strudel_Segmenter_Transformer_for_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
IDARTS: Interactive Differentiable Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xue_IDARTS_Interactive_Differentiable_Architecture_Search_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
AutoSpace: Neural Architecture Search With Less Human Interference
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhou_AutoSpace_Neural_Architecture_Search_With_Less_Human_Interference_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Evolving Search Space for Neural Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ci_Evolving_Search_Space_for_Neural_Architecture_Search_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Tripartite Information Mining and Integration for Image Matting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Tripartite_Information_Mining_and_Integration_for_Image_Matting_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Stochastic Partial Swap: Enhanced Model Generalization and Interpretability for Fine-Grained Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Huang_Stochastic_Partial_Swap_Enhanced_Model_Generalization_and_Interpretability_for_Fine-Grained_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
BEV-Net: Assessing Social Distancing Compliance by Joint People Localization and Geometric Reasoning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Dai_BEV-Net_Assessing_Social_Distancing_Compliance_by_Joint_People_Localization_and_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Pyramid Architecture Search for Real-Time Image Deblurring
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hu_Pyramid_Architecture_Search_for_Real-Time_Image_Deblurring_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Objects As Cameras: Estimating High-Frequency Illumination From Shadows
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Swedish_Objects_As_Cameras_Estimating_High-Frequency_Illumination_From_Shadows_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Dynamical Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_Dynamical_Pose_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Fast Sample Re-Weighting Without Reward Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Learning_Fast_Sample_Re-Weighting_Without_Reward_Data_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
C3-SemiSeg: Contrastive Semi-Supervised Segmentation via Cross-Set Learning and Dynamic Class-Balancing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhou_C3-SemiSeg_Contrastive_Semi-Supervised_Segmentation_via_Cross-Set_Learning_and_Dynamic_Class-Balancing_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
COOKIE: Contrastive Cross-Modal Knowledge Sharing Pre-Training for Vision-Language Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wen_COOKIE_Contrastive_Cross-Modal_Knowledge_Sharing_Pre-Training_for_Vision-Language_Representation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Radial Distortion Invariant Factorization for Structure From Motion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Iglesias_Radial_Distortion_Invariant_Factorization_for_Structure_From_Motion_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Privacy-Preserving Optics for Human Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hinojosa_Learning_Privacy-Preserving_Optics_for_Human_Pose_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
EPP-MVSNet: Epipolar-Assembling Based Depth Prediction for Multi-View Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ma_EPP-MVSNet_Epipolar-Assembling_Based_Depth_Prediction_for_Multi-View_Stereo_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Transforms Based Tensor Robust PCA: Corrupted Low-Rank Tensors Recovery via Convex Optimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lu_Transforms_Based_Tensor_Robust_PCA_Corrupted_Low-Rank_Tensors_Recovery_via_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Mip-NeRF: A Multiscale Representation for Anti-Aliasing Neural Radiance Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Barron_Mip-NeRF_A_Multiscale_Representation_for_Anti-Aliasing_Neural_Radiance_Fields_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Uniformity in Heterogeneity: Diving Deep Into Count Interval Partition for Crowd Counting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Uniformity_in_Heterogeneity_Diving_Deep_Into_Count_Interval_Partition_for_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
HDR Video Reconstruction: A Coarse-To-Fine Network and a Real-World Benchmark Dataset
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_HDR_Video_Reconstruction_A_Coarse-To-Fine_Network_and_a_Real-World_Benchmark_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self Supervision to Distillation for Long-Tailed Visual Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Self_Supervision_to_Distillation_for_Long-Tailed_Visual_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Uncertainty-Guided Transformer Reasoning for Camouflaged Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_Uncertainty-Guided_Transformer_Reasoning_for_Camouflaged_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Synchronization of Group-Labelled Multi-Graphs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Dal_Cin_Synchronization_of_Group-Labelled_Multi-Graphs_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
UNISURF: Unifying Neural Implicit Surfaces and Radiance Fields for Multi-View Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Oechsle_UNISURF_Unifying_Neural_Implicit_Surfaces_and_Radiance_Fields_for_Multi-View_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Parsing Table Structures in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Long_Parsing_Table_Structures_in_the_Wild_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Spatio-Temporal Representation Factorization for Video-Based Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Aich_Spatio-Temporal_Representation_Factorization_for_Video-Based_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
CondLaneNet: A Top-To-Down Lane Detection Framework Based on Conditional Convolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_CondLaneNet_A_Top-To-Down_Lane_Detection_Framework_Based_on_Conditional_Convolution_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Adversarial Attacks on Multi-Agent Communication
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Tu_Adversarial_Attacks_on_Multi-Agent_Communication_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Topologically Consistent Multi-View Face Inference Using Volumetric Sampling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Topologically_Consistent_Multi-View_Face_Inference_Using_Volumetric_Sampling_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Efficient Video Compression via Content-Adaptive Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Khani_Efficient_Video_Compression_via_Content-Adaptive_Super-Resolution_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SaccadeCam: Adaptive Visual Attention for Monocular Depth Sensing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Tilmon_SaccadeCam_Adaptive_Visual_Attention_for_Monocular_Depth_Sensing_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
CrossNorm and SelfNorm for Generalization Under Distribution Shifts
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Tang_CrossNorm_and_SelfNorm_for_Generalization_Under_Distribution_Shifts_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Joint Visual and Audio Learning for Video Highlight Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Badamdorj_Joint_Visual_and_Audio_Learning_for_Video_Highlight_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Shallow Bayesian Meta Learning for Real-World Few-Shot Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Shallow_Bayesian_Meta_Learning_for_Real-World_Few-Shot_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Temporal Dynamics From Cycles in Narrated Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Epstein_Learning_Temporal_Dynamics_From_Cycles_in_Narrated_Video_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
TransFER: Learning Relation-Aware Facial Expression Representations With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xue_TransFER_Learning_Relation-Aware_Facial_Expression_Representations_With_Transformers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Manifold Matching via Deep Metric Learning for Generative Modeling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Dai_Manifold_Matching_via_Deep_Metric_Learning_for_Generative_Modeling_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ProFlip: Targeted Trojan Attack With Progressive Bit Flips
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_ProFlip_Targeted_Trojan_Attack_With_Progressive_Bit_Flips_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Cross-Category Video Highlight Detection via Set-Based Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_Cross-Category_Video_Highlight_Detection_via_Set-Based_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Attention Is Not Enough: Mitigating the Distribution Discrepancy in Asynchronous Multimodal Sequence Fusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liang_Attention_Is_Not_Enough_Mitigating_the_Distribution_Discrepancy_in_Asynchronous_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Amplitude-Phase Recombination: Rethinking Robustness of Convolutional Neural Networks in Frequency Domain
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Amplitude-Phase_Recombination_Rethinking_Robustness_of_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_in_Frequency_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
AdvDrop: Adversarial Attack to DNNs by Dropping Information
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Duan_AdvDrop_Adversarial_Attack_to_DNNs_by_Dropping_Information_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Adaptive Graph Convolution for Point Cloud Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhou_Adaptive_Graph_Convolution_for_Point_Cloud_Analysis_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Adversarial Attack on Deep Cross-Modal Hamming Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Adversarial_Attack_on_Deep_Cross-Modal_Hamming_Retrieval_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
UASNet: Uncertainty Adaptive Sampling Network for Deep Stereo Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Mao_UASNet_Uncertainty_Adaptive_Sampling_Network_for_Deep_Stereo_Matching_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Minimal Adversarial Examples for Deep Learning on 3D Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_Minimal_Adversarial_Examples_for_Deep_Learning_on_3D_Point_Clouds_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Icosahedral Spherical Probability Map Based on Bingham Mixture Model for Vanishing Point Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Learning_Icosahedral_Spherical_Probability_Map_Based_on_Bingham_Mixture_Model_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Incorporating Learnable Membrane Time Constant To Enhance Learning of Spiking Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Fang_Incorporating_Learnable_Membrane_Time_Constant_To_Enhance_Learning_of_Spiking_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Real-Time Vanishing Point Detector Integrating Under-Parameterized RANSAC and Hough Transform
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_Real-Time_Vanishing_Point_Detector_Integrating_Under-Parameterized_RANSAC_and_Hough_Transform_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ReStyle: A Residual-Based StyleGAN Encoder via Iterative Refinement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Alaluf_ReStyle_A_Residual-Based_StyleGAN_Encoder_via_Iterative_Refinement_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Low-Rank Tensor Completion by Approximating the Tensor Average Rank
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Low-Rank_Tensor_Completion_by_Approximating_the_Tensor_Average_Rank_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Exploiting Multi-Object Relationships for Detecting Adversarial Attacks in Complex Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yin_Exploiting_Multi-Object_Relationships_for_Detecting_Adversarial_Attacks_in_Complex_Scenes_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Pixel Contrastive-Consistent Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhong_Pixel_Contrastive-Consistent_Semi-Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Cross-Descriptor Visual Localization and Mapping
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Dusmanu_Cross-Descriptor_Visual_Localization_and_Mapping_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Panoptic Narrative Grounding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gonzalez_Panoptic_Narrative_Grounding_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Weakly-Supervised Video Anomaly Detection With Robust Temporal Feature Magnitude Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Tian_Weakly-Supervised_Video_Anomaly_Detection_With_Robust_Temporal_Feature_Magnitude_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Survival Analysis With Longitudinal X-Rays for COVID-19
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shu_Deep_Survival_Analysis_With_Longitudinal_X-Rays_for_COVID-19_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Cluster-Promoting Quantization With Bit-Drop for Minimizing Network Quantization Loss
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lee_Cluster-Promoting_Quantization_With_Bit-Drop_for_Minimizing_Network_Quantization_Loss_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Striking a Balance Between Stability and Plasticity for Class-Incremental Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_Striking_a_Balance_Between_Stability_and_Plasticity_for_Class-Incremental_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
AdaFit: Rethinking Learning-Based Normal Estimation on Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhu_AdaFit_Rethinking_Learning-Based_Normal_Estimation_on_Point_Clouds_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Nerfies: Deformable Neural Radiance Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Park_Nerfies_Deformable_Neural_Radiance_Fields_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Interpretable Visual Reasoning via Induced Symbolic Space
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Interpretable_Visual_Reasoning_via_Induced_Symbolic_Space_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Generalizing Gaze Estimation With Outlier-Guided Collaborative Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Generalizing_Gaze_Estimation_With_Outlier-Guided_Collaborative_Adaptation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Language-Guided Global Image Editing via Cross-Modal Cyclic Mechanism
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jiang_Language-Guided_Global_Image_Editing_via_Cross-Modal_Cyclic_Mechanism_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DAM: Discrepancy Alignment Metric for Face Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_DAM_Discrepancy_Alignment_Metric_for_Face_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
RMSMP: A Novel Deep Neural Network Quantization Framework With Row-Wise Mixed Schemes and Multiple Precisions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chang_RMSMP_A_Novel_Deep_Neural_Network_Quantization_Framework_With_Row-Wise_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Robust Small-Scale Pedestrian Detection With Cued Recall via Memory Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_Robust_Small-Scale_Pedestrian_Detection_With_Cued_Recall_via_Memory_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multimodal Co-Attention Transformer for Survival Prediction in Gigapixel Whole Slide Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Multimodal_Co-Attention_Transformer_for_Survival_Prediction_in_Gigapixel_Whole_Slide_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Improving Neural Network Efficiency via Post-Training Quantization With Adaptive Floating-Point
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Improving_Neural_Network_Efficiency_via_Post-Training_Quantization_With_Adaptive_Floating-Point_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Interpretable Image Recognition by Constructing Transparent Embedding Space
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Interpretable_Image_Recognition_by_Constructing_Transparent_Embedding_Space_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Pyramid Point Cloud Transformer for Large-Scale Place Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hui_Pyramid_Point_Cloud_Transformer_for_Large-Scale_Place_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Interpreting Attributions and Interactions of Adversarial Attacks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Interpreting_Attributions_and_Interactions_of_Adversarial_Attacks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Neural Photofit: Gaze-Based Mental Image Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Strohm_Neural_Photofit_Gaze-Based_Mental_Image_Reconstruction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Disentangled Lifespan Face Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/He_Disentangled_Lifespan_Face_Synthesis_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Dual Transfer Learning for Event-Based End-Task Prediction via Pluggable Event to Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Dual_Transfer_Learning_for_Event-Based_End-Task_Prediction_via_Pluggable_Event_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Exploration and Estimation for Model Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Exploration_and_Estimation_for_Model_Compression_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Structure-From-Sherds: Incremental 3D Reassembly of Axially Symmetric Pots From Unordered and Mixed Fragment Collections
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hong_Structure-From-Sherds_Incremental_3D_Reassembly_of_Axially_Symmetric_Pots_From_Unordered_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Asymmetric Loss for Multi-Label Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ridnik_Asymmetric_Loss_for_Multi-Label_Classification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unified Graph Structured Models for Video Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Arnab_Unified_Graph_Structured_Models_for_Video_Understanding_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Minimal Cases for Computing the Generalized Relative Pose Using Affine Correspondences
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Guan_Minimal_Cases_for_Computing_the_Generalized_Relative_Pose_Using_Affine_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Efficient Graph Convolutional Networks for Point Cloud Handling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Towards_Efficient_Graph_Convolutional_Networks_for_Point_Cloud_Handling_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Auto Graph Encoder-Decoder for Neural Network Pruning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yu_Auto_Graph_Encoder-Decoder_for_Neural_Network_Pruning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Adaptive Surface Reconstruction With Multiscale Convolutional Kernels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ummenhofer_Adaptive_Surface_Reconstruction_With_Multiscale_Convolutional_Kernels_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SmartShadow: Artistic Shadow Drawing Tool for Line Drawings
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_SmartShadow_Artistic_Shadow_Drawing_Tool_for_Line_Drawings_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
TGRNet: A Table Graph Reconstruction Network for Table Structure Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xue_TGRNet_A_Table_Graph_Reconstruction_Network_for_Table_Structure_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
MicroNet: Improving Image Recognition With Extremely Low FLOPs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_MicroNet_Improving_Image_Recognition_With_Extremely_Low_FLOPs_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Canonical 3D Object Representation for Fine-Grained Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Joung_Learning_Canonical_3D_Object_Representation_for_Fine-Grained_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Class Multi-Instance Count Conditioned Adversarial Image Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Saseendran_Multi-Class_Multi-Instance_Count_Conditioned_Adversarial_Image_Generation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Specialize and Fuse: Pyramidal Output Representation for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hsiao_Specialize_and_Fuse_Pyramidal_Output_Representation_for_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DC-ShadowNet: Single-Image Hard and Soft Shadow Removal Using Unsupervised Domain-Classifier Guided Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jin_DC-ShadowNet_Single-Image_Hard_and_Soft_Shadow_Removal_Using_Unsupervised_Domain-Classifier_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Scalable Vision Transformers With Hierarchical Pooling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Pan_Scalable_Vision_Transformers_With_Hierarchical_Pooling_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Generative Adversarial Registration for Improved Conditional Deformable Templates
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Dey_Generative_Adversarial_Registration_for_Improved_Conditional_Deformable_Templates_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Auto-Parsing Network for Image Captioning and Visual Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_Auto-Parsing_Network_for_Image_Captioning_and_Visual_Question_Answering_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
F-Drop&amp;Match: GANs With a Dead Zone in the High-Frequency Domain
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yamaguchi_F-DropMatch_GANs_With_a_Dead_Zone_in_the_High-Frequency_Domain_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
CryoDRGN2: Ab Initio Neural Reconstruction of 3D Protein Structures From Real Cryo-EM Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhong_CryoDRGN2_Ab_Initio_Neural_Reconstruction_of_3D_Protein_Structures_From_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Generalized Shuffled Linear Regression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Generalized_Shuffled_Linear_Regression_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
AESOP: Abstract Encoding of Stories, Objects, and Pictures
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ravi_AESOP_Abstract_Encoding_of_Stories_Objects_and_Pictures_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
LFI-CAM: Learning Feature Importance for Better Visual Explanation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lee_LFI-CAM_Learning_Feature_Importance_for_Better_Visual_Explanation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
InstanceRefer: Cooperative Holistic Understanding for Visual Grounding on Point Clouds Through Instance Multi-Level Contextual Referring
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yuan_InstanceRefer_Cooperative_Holistic_Understanding_for_Visual_Grounding_on_Point_Clouds_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Adaptive Hierarchical Graph Reasoning With Semantic Coherence for Video-and-Language Inference
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Adaptive_Hierarchical_Graph_Reasoning_With_Semantic_Coherence_for_Video-and-Language_Inference_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
iNAS: Integral NAS for Device-Aware Salient Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gu_iNAS_Integral_NAS_for_Device-Aware_Salient_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Pyramid R-CNN: Towards Better Performance and Adaptability for 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Mao_Pyramid_R-CNN_Towards_Better_Performance_and_Adaptability_for_3D_Object_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Graph-BAS3Net: Boundary-Aware Semi-Supervised Segmentation Network With Bilateral Graph Convolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Huang_Graph-BAS3Net_Boundary-Aware_Semi-Supervised_Segmentation_Network_With_Bilateral_Graph_Convolution_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
CrossViT: Cross-Attention Multi-Scale Vision Transformer for Image Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_CrossViT_Cross-Attention_Multi-Scale_Vision_Transformer_for_Image_Classification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Geometry-Aware Self-Training for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation on Object Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zou_Geometry-Aware_Self-Training_for_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_on_Object_Point_Clouds_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Procrustean Training for Imbalanced Deep Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ye_Procrustean_Training_for_Imbalanced_Deep_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Dynamic Network Quantization for Efficient Video Inference
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sun_Dynamic_Network_Quantization_for_Efficient_Video_Inference_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
WB-DETR: Transformer-Based Detector Without Backbone
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_WB-DETR_Transformer-Based_Detector_Without_Backbone_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Perceptual Variousness Motion Deblurring With Light Global Context Refinement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Perceptual_Variousness_Motion_Deblurring_With_Light_Global_Context_Refinement_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Calibrating Neural Radiance Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jeong_Self-Calibrating_Neural_Radiance_Fields_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Robust Automatic Monocular Vehicle Speed Estimation for Traffic Surveillance
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Revaud_Robust_Automatic_Monocular_Vehicle_Speed_Estimation_for_Traffic_Surveillance_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
RFNet: Region-Aware Fusion Network for Incomplete Multi-Modal Brain Tumor Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ding_RFNet_Region-Aware_Fusion_Network_for_Incomplete_Multi-Modal_Brain_Tumor_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
In Defense of Scene Graphs for Image Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Nguyen_In_Defense_of_Scene_Graphs_for_Image_Captioning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Rank &amp; Sort Loss for Object Detection and Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Oksuz_Rank__Sort_Loss_for_Object_Detection_and_Instance_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Synthesis of Compositional Animations From Textual Descriptions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ghosh_Synthesis_of_Compositional_Animations_From_Textual_Descriptions_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Dual Bipartite Graph Learning: A General Approach for Domain Adaptive Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Dual_Bipartite_Graph_Learning_A_General_Approach_for_Domain_Adaptive_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Parametric Contrastive Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cui_Parametric_Contrastive_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Visual Transformers: Where Do Transformers Really Belong in Vision Models?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_Visual_Transformers_Where_Do_Transformers_Really_Belong_in_Vision_Models_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Is Pseudo-Lidar Needed for Monocular 3D Object Detection?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Park_Is_Pseudo-Lidar_Needed_for_Monocular_3D_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
TS-CAM: Token Semantic Coupled Attention Map for Weakly Supervised Object Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gao_TS-CAM_Token_Semantic_Coupled_Attention_Map_for_Weakly_Supervised_Object_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Deep 3D Mask Volume for View Synthesis of Dynamic Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lin_Deep_3D_Mask_Volume_for_View_Synthesis_of_Dynamic_Scenes_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unified Questioner Transformer for Descriptive Question Generation in Goal-Oriented Visual Dialogue
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Matsumori_Unified_Questioner_Transformer_for_Descriptive_Question_Generation_in_Goal-Oriented_Visual_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Counterfactual Attention Learning for Fine-Grained Visual Categorization and Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Rao_Counterfactual_Attention_Learning_for_Fine-Grained_Visual_Categorization_and_Re-Identification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Effectively Leveraging Attributes for Visual Similarity
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Mishra_Effectively_Leveraging_Attributes_for_Visual_Similarity_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Progressive Seed Generation Auto-Encoder for Unsupervised Point Cloud Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_Progressive_Seed_Generation_Auto-Encoder_for_Unsupervised_Point_Cloud_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
HiNet: Deep Image Hiding by Invertible Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jing_HiNet_Deep_Image_Hiding_by_Invertible_Network_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Rotation Averaging in a Split Second: A Primal-Dual Method and a Closed-Form for Cycle Graphs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Moreira_Rotation_Averaging_in_a_Split_Second_A_Primal-Dual_Method_and_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
End-to-End Robust Joint Unsupervised Image Alignment and Clustering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zeng_End-to-End_Robust_Joint_Unsupervised_Image_Alignment_and_Clustering_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Cross-Patch Graph Convolutional Network for Image Denoising
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Cross-Patch_Graph_Convolutional_Network_for_Image_Denoising_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ISNet: Integrate Image-Level and Semantic-Level Context for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jin_ISNet_Integrate_Image-Level_and_Semantic-Level_Context_for_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Body-Face Joint Detection via Embedding and Head Hook
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wan_Body-Face_Joint_Detection_via_Embedding_and_Head_Hook_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Enhancing Self-Supervised Video Representation Learning via Multi-Level Feature Optimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Qian_Enhancing_Self-Supervised_Video_Representation_Learning_via_Multi-Level_Feature_Optimization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
LIGA-Stereo: Learning LiDAR Geometry Aware Representations for Stereo-Based 3D Detector
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Guo_LIGA-Stereo_Learning_LiDAR_Geometry_Aware_Representations_for_Stereo-Based_3D_Detector_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Interpolation-Aware Padding for 3D Sparse Convolutional Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_Interpolation-Aware_Padding_for_3D_Sparse_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Once Quantization-Aware Training: High Performance Extremely Low-Bit Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shen_Once_Quantization-Aware_Training_High_Performance_Extremely_Low-Bit_Architecture_Search_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Oriented R-CNN for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xie_Oriented_R-CNN_for_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
TransVG: End-to-End Visual Grounding With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Deng_TransVG_End-to-End_Visual_Grounding_With_Transformers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Airbert: In-Domain Pretraining for Vision-and-Language Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Guhur_Airbert_In-Domain_Pretraining_for_Vision-and-Language_Navigation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
AdaSGN: Adapting Joint Number and Model Size for Efficient Skeleton-Based Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shi_AdaSGN_Adapting_Joint_Number_and_Model_Size_for_Efficient_Skeleton-Based_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
FOVEA: Foveated Image Magnification for Autonomous Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Thavamani_FOVEA_Foveated_Image_Magnification_for_Autonomous_Navigation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
4D-Net for Learned Multi-Modal Alignment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Piergiovanni_4D-Net_for_Learned_Multi-Modal_Alignment_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Image Manipulation Detection by Multi-View Multi-Scale Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Image_Manipulation_Detection_by_Multi-View_Multi-Scale_Supervision_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Perturbed Self-Distillation: Weakly Supervised Large-Scale Point Cloud Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Perturbed_Self-Distillation_Weakly_Supervised_Large-Scale_Point_Cloud_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Cherry-Picking Gradients: Learning Low-Rank Embeddings of Visual Data via Differentiable Cross-Approximation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Usvyatsov_Cherry-Picking_Gradients_Learning_Low-Rank_Embeddings_of_Visual_Data_via_Differentiable_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
EventHands: Real-Time Neural 3D Hand Pose Estimation From an Event Stream
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Rudnev_EventHands_Real-Time_Neural_3D_Hand_Pose_Estimation_From_an_Event_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Composable Augmentation Encoding for Video Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sun_Composable_Augmentation_Encoding_for_Video_Representation_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Focus on the Positives: Self-Supervised Learning for Biodiversity Monitoring
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Pantazis_Focus_on_the_Positives_Self-Supervised_Learning_for_Biodiversity_Monitoring_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Bridging Unsupervised and Supervised Depth From Focus via All-in-Focus Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Bridging_Unsupervised_and_Supervised_Depth_From_Focus_via_All-in-Focus_Supervision_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DOLG: Single-Stage Image Retrieval With Deep Orthogonal Fusion of Local and Global Features
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_DOLG_Single-Stage_Image_Retrieval_With_Deep_Orthogonal_Fusion_of_Local_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Bias-Invariant Representation by Cross-Sample Mutual Information Minimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhu_Learning_Bias-Invariant_Representation_by_Cross-Sample_Mutual_Information_Minimization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Selective Feature Compression for Efficient Activity Recognition Inference
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Selective_Feature_Compression_for_Efficient_Activity_Recognition_Inference_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Attention-Based Multi-Reference Learning for Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Pesavento_Attention-Based_Multi-Reference_Learning_for_Image_Super-Resolution_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Spatial-Temporal Transformer for Dynamic Scene Graph Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cong_Spatial-Temporal_Transformer_for_Dynamic_Scene_Graph_Generation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Transport Network for Unsupervised Video Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Deep_Transport_Network_for_Unsupervised_Video_Object_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Densely Guided Knowledge Distillation Using Multiple Teacher Assistants
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Son_Densely_Guided_Knowledge_Distillation_Using_Multiple_Teacher_Assistants_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Pi-NAS: Improving Neural Architecture Search by Reducing Supernet Training Consistency Shift
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Peng_Pi-NAS_Improving_Neural_Architecture_Search_by_Reducing_Supernet_Training_Consistency_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Grounding Consistency: Distilling Spatial Common Sense for Precise Visual Relationship Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Diomataris_Grounding_Consistency_Distilling_Spatial_Common_Sense_for_Precise_Visual_Relationship_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Bridging the Gap Between Label- and Reference-Based Synthesis in Multi-Attribute Image-to-Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Huang_Bridging_the_Gap_Between_Label-_and_Reference-Based_Synthesis_in_Multi-Attribute_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
A Broad Study on the Transferability of Visual Representations With Contrastive Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Islam_A_Broad_Study_on_the_Transferability_of_Visual_Representations_With_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Bayesian Deep Basis Fitting for Depth Completion With Uncertainty
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Qu_Bayesian_Deep_Basis_Fitting_for_Depth_Completion_With_Uncertainty_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
P2-Net: Joint Description and Detection of Local Features for Pixel and Point Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_P2-Net_Joint_Description_and_Detection_of_Local_Features_for_Pixel_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Cross-Modality Person Re-Identification via Modality Confusion and Center Aggregation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hao_Cross-Modality_Person_Re-Identification_via_Modality_Confusion_and_Center_Aggregation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
StructDepth: Leveraging the Structural Regularities for Self-Supervised Indoor Depth Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_StructDepth_Leveraging_the_Structural_Regularities_for_Self-Supervised_Indoor_Depth_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
LSG-CPD: Coherent Point Drift With Local Surface Geometry for Point Cloud Registration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_LSG-CPD_Coherent_Point_Drift_With_Local_Surface_Geometry_for_Point_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ISD: Self-Supervised Learning by Iterative Similarity Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Tejankar_ISD_Self-Supervised_Learning_by_Iterative_Similarity_Distillation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
An Empirical Study of the Collapsing Problem in Semi-Supervised 2D Human Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xie_An_Empirical_Study_of_the_Collapsing_Problem_in_Semi-Supervised_2D_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Support-Set Based Cross-Supervision for Video Grounding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ding_Support-Set_Based_Cross-Supervision_for_Video_Grounding_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Voxel-Based Network for Shape Completion by Leveraging Edge Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Voxel-Based_Network_for_Shape_Completion_by_Leveraging_Edge_Generation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
THUNDR: Transformer-Based 3D Human Reconstruction With Markers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zanfir_THUNDR_Transformer-Based_3D_Human_Reconstruction_With_Markers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Instance-Level Image Retrieval Using Reranking Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Tan_Instance-Level_Image_Retrieval_Using_Reranking_Transformers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Accelerating Atmospheric Turbulence Simulation via Learned Phase-to-Space Transform
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Mao_Accelerating_Atmospheric_Turbulence_Simulation_via_Learned_Phase-to-Space_Transform_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Stylize Novel Views
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Huang_Learning_To_Stylize_Novel_Views_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Region-Aware Contrastive Learning for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hu_Region-Aware_Contrastive_Learning_for_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Real-to-Sim Scene Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Prakash_Self-Supervised_Real-to-Sim_Scene_Generation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
GP-S3Net: Graph-Based Panoptic Sparse Semantic Segmentation Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Razani_GP-S3Net_Graph-Based_Panoptic_Sparse_Semantic_Segmentation_Network_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning From Noisy Data With Robust Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Learning_From_Noisy_Data_With_Robust_Representation_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised 3D Skeleton Action Representation Learning With Motion Consistency and Continuity
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Su_Self-Supervised_3D_Skeleton_Action_Representation_Learning_With_Motion_Consistency_and_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Sketch Your Own GAN
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Sketch_Your_Own_GAN_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
iPOKE: Poking a Still Image for Controlled Stochastic Video Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Blattmann_iPOKE_Poking_a_Still_Image_for_Controlled_Stochastic_Video_Synthesis_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Neural Radiance Flow for 4D View Synthesis and Video Processing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Du_Neural_Radiance_Flow_for_4D_View_Synthesis_and_Video_Processing_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Assignment-Space-Based Multi-Object Tracking and Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Choudhuri_Assignment-Space-Based_Multi-Object_Tracking_and_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
R-MSFM: Recurrent Multi-Scale Feature Modulation for Monocular Depth Estimating
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhou_R-MSFM_Recurrent_Multi-Scale_Feature_Modulation_for_Monocular_Depth_Estimating_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Spatially Conditioned Graphs for Detecting Human-Object Interactions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Spatially_Conditioned_Graphs_for_Detecting_Human-Object_Interactions_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
End-to-End Detection and Pose Estimation of Two Interacting Hands
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_End-to-End_Detection_and_Pose_Estimation_of_Two_Interacting_Hands_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Fog Simulation on Real LiDAR Point Clouds for 3D Object Detection in Adverse Weather
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hahner_Fog_Simulation_on_Real_LiDAR_Point_Clouds_for_3D_Object_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Revisiting Adversarial Robustness Distillation: Robust Soft Labels Make Student Better
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zi_Revisiting_Adversarial_Robustness_Distillation_Robust_Soft_Labels_Make_Student_Better_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Joint Inductive and Transductive Learning for Video Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Mao_Joint_Inductive_and_Transductive_Learning_for_Video_Object_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Skeleton Cloud Colorization for Unsupervised 3D Action Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_Skeleton_Cloud_Colorization_for_Unsupervised_3D_Action_Representation_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Latent Transformations via NeuralODEs for GAN-Based Image Editing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Khrulkov_Latent_Transformations_via_NeuralODEs_for_GAN-Based_Image_Editing_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DECA: Deep Viewpoint-Equivariant Human Pose Estimation Using Capsule Autoencoders
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Garau_DECA_Deep_Viewpoint-Equivariant_Human_Pose_Estimation_Using_Capsule_Autoencoders_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Geometry-Free View Synthesis: Transformers and No 3D Priors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Rombach_Geometry-Free_View_Synthesis_Transformers_and_No_3D_Priors_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Salient Object Ranking With Position-Preserved Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Fang_Salient_Object_Ranking_With_Position-Preserved_Attention_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DetCo: Unsupervised Contrastive Learning for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xie_DetCo_Unsupervised_Contrastive_Learning_for_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Clothing Status Awareness for Long-Term Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Huang_Clothing_Status_Awareness_for_Long-Term_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Exploring Temporal Coherence for More General Video Face Forgery Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zheng_Exploring_Temporal_Coherence_for_More_General_Video_Face_Forgery_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Image Synthesis via Semantic Composition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Image_Synthesis_via_Semantic_Composition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Temporally-Coherent Surface Reconstruction via Metric-Consistent Atlases
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Bednarik_Temporally-Coherent_Surface_Reconstruction_via_Metric-Consistent_Atlases_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Online Continual Learning With Natural Distribution Shifts: An Empirical Study With Visual Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cai_Online_Continual_Learning_With_Natural_Distribution_Shifts_An_Empirical_Study_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Social Fabric: Tubelet Compositions for Video Relation Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Social_Fabric_Tubelet_Compositions_for_Video_Relation_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
On Feature Decorrelation in Self-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hua_On_Feature_Decorrelation_in_Self-Supervised_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Low Curvature Activations Reduce Overfitting in Adversarial Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Singla_Low_Curvature_Activations_Reduce_Overfitting_in_Adversarial_Training_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Adaptive Focus for Efficient Video Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Adaptive_Focus_for_Efficient_Video_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Audio2Gestures: Generating Diverse Gestures From Speech Audio With Conditional Variational Autoencoders
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Audio2Gestures_Generating_Diverse_Gestures_From_Speech_Audio_With_Conditional_Variational_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
LeViT: A Vision Transformer in ConvNet&#x27;s Clothing for Faster Inference
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Graham_LeViT_A_Vision_Transformer_in_ConvNets_Clothing_for_Faster_Inference_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Active Universal Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ma_Active_Universal_Domain_Adaptation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
FairNAS: Rethinking Evaluation Fairness of Weight Sharing Neural Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chu_FairNAS_Rethinking_Evaluation_Fairness_of_Weight_Sharing_Neural_Architecture_Search_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Keep CALM and Improve Visual Feature Attribution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_Keep_CALM_and_Improve_Visual_Feature_Attribution_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Rethinking 360deg Image Visual Attention Modelling With Unsupervised Learning.
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Djilali_Rethinking_360deg_Image_Visual_Attention_Modelling_With_Unsupervised_Learning._ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Lipschitz Continuity Guided Knowledge Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shang_Lipschitz_Continuity_Guided_Knowledge_Distillation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Instance Similarity Learning for Unsupervised Feature Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Instance_Similarity_Learning_for_Unsupervised_Feature_Representation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unlimited Neighborhood Interaction for Heterogeneous Trajectory Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zheng_Unlimited_Neighborhood_Interaction_for_Heterogeneous_Trajectory_Prediction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
LatentCLR: A Contrastive Learning Approach for Unsupervised Discovery of Interpretable Directions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yuksel_LatentCLR_A_Contrastive_Learning_Approach_for_Unsupervised_Discovery_of_Interpretable_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Visual Relationship Co-Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Teotia_Few-Shot_Visual_Relationship_Co-Localization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
RFNet: Recurrent Forward Network for Dense Point Cloud Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Huang_RFNet_Recurrent_Forward_Network_for_Dense_Point_Cloud_Completion_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
PoinTr: Diverse Point Cloud Completion With Geometry-Aware Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yu_PoinTr_Diverse_Point_Cloud_Completion_With_Geometry-Aware_Transformers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learn-To-Race: A Multimodal Control Environment for Autonomous Racing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Herman_Learn-To-Race_A_Multimodal_Control_Environment_for_Autonomous_Racing_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SignBERT: Pre-Training of Hand-Model-Aware Representation for Sign Language Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hu_SignBERT_Pre-Training_of_Hand-Model-Aware_Representation_for_Sign_Language_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Probabilistic Modeling for Human Mesh Recovery
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kolotouros_Probabilistic_Modeling_for_Human_Mesh_Recovery_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Understanding and Mitigating Annotation Bias in Facial Expression Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Understanding_and_Mitigating_Annotation_Bias_in_Facial_Expression_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Reality Transform Adversarial Generators for Image Splicing Forgery Detection and Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Bi_Reality_Transform_Adversarial_Generators_for_Image_Splicing_Forgery_Detection_and_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Regress Bodies From Images Using Differentiable Semantic Rendering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Dwivedi_Learning_To_Regress_Bodies_From_Images_Using_Differentiable_Semantic_Rendering_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Bifold and Semantic Reasoning for Pedestrian Behavior Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Rasouli_Bifold_and_Semantic_Reasoning_for_Pedestrian_Behavior_Prediction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Target Candidate Association To Keep Track of What Not To Track
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Mayer_Learning_Target_Candidate_Association_To_Keep_Track_of_What_Not_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
VolumeFusion: Deep Depth Fusion for 3D Scene Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Choe_VolumeFusion_Deep_Depth_Fusion_for_3D_Scene_Reconstruction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Black-Box Detection of Backdoor Attacks With Limited Information and Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Dong_Black-Box_Detection_of_Backdoor_Attacks_With_Limited_Information_and_Data_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Semantic Concentration for Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Semantic_Concentration_for_Domain_Adaptation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Distributional Robustness Loss for Long-Tail Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Samuel_Distributional_Robustness_Loss_for_Long-Tail_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Exploring Simple 3D Multi-Object Tracking for Autonomous Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Luo_Exploring_Simple_3D_Multi-Object_Tracking_for_Autonomous_Driving_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
LoOp: Looking for Optimal Hard Negative Embeddings for Deep Metric Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Vasudeva_LoOp_Looking_for_Optimal_Hard_Negative_Embeddings_for_Deep_Metric_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Motion Basis Learning for Unsupervised Deep Homography Estimation With Subspace Projection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ye_Motion_Basis_Learning_for_Unsupervised_Deep_Homography_Estimation_With_Subspace_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
AI Choreographer: Music Conditioned 3D Dance Generation With AIST++
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_AI_Choreographer_Music_Conditioned_3D_Dance_Generation_With_AIST_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
PU-EVA: An Edge-Vector Based Approximation Solution for Flexible-Scale Point Cloud Upsampling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Luo_PU-EVA_An_Edge-Vector_Based_Approximation_Solution_for_Flexible-Scale_Point_Cloud_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Spatial Uncertainty-Aware Semi-Supervised Crowd Counting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Meng_Spatial_Uncertainty-Aware_Semi-Supervised_Crowd_Counting_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SurfGen: Adversarial 3D Shape Synthesis With Explicit Surface Discriminators
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Luo_SurfGen_Adversarial_3D_Shape_Synthesis_With_Explicit_Surface_Discriminators_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
TransReID: Transformer-Based Object Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/He_TransReID_Transformer-Based_Object_Re-Identification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Mutual Distillation Learning for Continuous Sign Language Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hao_Self-Mutual_Distillation_Learning_for_Continuous_Sign_Language_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SOMA: Solving Optical Marker-Based MoCap Automatically
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ghorbani_SOMA_Solving_Optical_Marker-Based_MoCap_Automatically_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
In-the-Wild Single Camera 3D Reconstruction Through Moving Water Surfaces
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xiong_In-the-Wild_Single_Camera_3D_Reconstruction_Through_Moving_Water_Surfaces_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Understanding Robustness of Transformers for Image Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Bhojanapalli_Understanding_Robustness_of_Transformers_for_Image_Classification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DenseTNT: End-to-End Trajectory Prediction From Dense Goal Sets
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gu_DenseTNT_End-to-End_Trajectory_Prediction_From_Dense_Goal_Sets_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Segmentation-Grounded Scene Graph Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Khandelwal_Segmentation-Grounded_Scene_Graph_Generation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Geography-Aware Self-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ayush_Geography-Aware_Self-Supervised_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Shape-Aware Multi-Person Pose Estimation From Multi-View Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Dong_Shape-Aware_Multi-Person_Pose_Estimation_From_Multi-View_Images_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Motion-Aware Dynamic Architecture for Efficient Frame Interpolation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Choi_Motion-Aware_Dynamic_Architecture_for_Efficient_Frame_Interpolation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Contrasting Contrastive Self-Supervised Representation Learning Pipelines
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kotar_Contrasting_Contrastive_Self-Supervised_Representation_Learning_Pipelines_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Normalized Human Pose Features for Human Action Video Alignment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Normalized_Human_Pose_Features_for_Human_Action_Video_Alignment_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Indoor Scene Generation From a Collection of Semantic-Segmented Depth Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_Indoor_Scene_Generation_From_a_Collection_of_Semantic-Segmented_Depth_Images_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Keypoint Communities
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zauss_Keypoint_Communities_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Can Scale-Consistent Monocular Depth Be Learned in a Self-Supervised Scale-Invariant Manner?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Can_Scale-Consistent_Monocular_Depth_Be_Learned_in_a_Self-Supervised_Scale-Invariant_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Task Self-Training for Learning General Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ghiasi_Multi-Task_Self-Training_for_Learning_General_Representations_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Training Weakly Supervised Video Frame Interpolation With Events
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yu_Training_Weakly_Supervised_Video_Frame_Interpolation_With_Events_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ID-Reveal: Identity-Aware DeepFake Video Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cozzolino_ID-Reveal_Identity-Aware_DeepFake_Video_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
GAN-Control: Explicitly Controllable GANs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shoshan_GAN-Control_Explicitly_Controllable_GANs_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
A Closer Look at Rotation-Invariant Deep Point Cloud Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_A_Closer_Look_at_Rotation-Invariant_Deep_Point_Cloud_Analysis_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Re-Energizing Domain Discriminator With Sample Relabeling for Adversarial Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jin_Re-Energizing_Domain_Discriminator_With_Sample_Relabeling_for_Adversarial_Domain_Adaptation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Adversarially Blur Visual Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Guo_Learning_To_Adversarially_Blur_Visual_Object_Tracking_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Image Classification: Just Use a Library of Pre-Trained Feature Extractors and a Simple Classifier
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chowdhury_Few-Shot_Image_Classification_Just_Use_a_Library_of_Pre-Trained_Feature_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Orthogonal Projection Loss
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ranasinghe_Orthogonal_Projection_Loss_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Virtual Markers for Articulated 3D Shapes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_Deep_Virtual_Markers_for_Articulated_3D_Shapes_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
One-Pass Multi-View Clustering for Large-Scale Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_One-Pass_Multi-View_Clustering_for_Large-Scale_Data_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Knowledge-Enriched Distributional Model Inversion Attacks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Knowledge-Enriched_Distributional_Model_Inversion_Attacks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
M3D-VTON: A Monocular-to-3D Virtual Try-On Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhao_M3D-VTON_A_Monocular-to-3D_Virtual_Try-On_Network_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Omni-GAN: On the Secrets of cGANs and Beyond
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhou_Omni-GAN_On_the_Secrets_of_cGANs_and_Beyond_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ACDC: The Adverse Conditions Dataset With Correspondences for Semantic Driving Scene Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sakaridis_ACDC_The_Adverse_Conditions_Dataset_With_Correspondences_for_Semantic_Driving_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Temporal Knowledge Consistency for Unsupervised Visual Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Feng_Temporal_Knowledge_Consistency_for_Unsupervised_Visual_Representation_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Image Generation With Infinite Generative Adversarial Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ying_Unsupervised_Image_Generation_With_Infinite_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Inferring High-Resolution Traffic Accident Risk Maps Based on Satellite Imagery and GPS Trajectories
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/He_Inferring_High-Resolution_Traffic_Accident_Risk_Maps_Based_on_Satellite_Imagery_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Product Quantization for Deep Unsupervised Image Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jang_Self-Supervised_Product_Quantization_for_Deep_Unsupervised_Image_Retrieval_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
On Equivariant and Invariant Learning of Object Landmark Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cheng_On_Equivariant_and_Invariant_Learning_of_Object_Landmark_Representations_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
VariTex: Variational Neural Face Textures
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Buhler_VariTex_Variational_Neural_Face_Textures_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Domain Adaptive Semantic Segmentation With Self-Supervised Depth Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Domain_Adaptive_Semantic_Segmentation_With_Self-Supervised_Depth_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Hough Voting for Robust Global Registration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lee_Deep_Hough_Voting_for_Robust_Global_Registration_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Image Synthesis From Layout With Locality-Aware Mask Adaption
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Image_Synthesis_From_Layout_With_Locality-Aware_Mask_Adaption_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Generalized and Incremental Few-Shot Learning by Explicit Learning and Calibration Without Forgetting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kukleva_Generalized_and_Incremental_Few-Shot_Learning_by_Explicit_Learning_and_Calibration_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Domain Adaptive 3D Detection With Multi-Level Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Luo_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptive_3D_Detection_With_Multi-Level_Consistency_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Transporting Causal Mechanisms for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yue_Transporting_Causal_Mechanisms_for_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Estimate Hidden Motions With Global Motion Aggregation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jiang_Learning_To_Estimate_Hidden_Motions_With_Global_Motion_Aggregation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
TAM: Temporal Adaptive Module for Video Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_TAM_Temporal_Adaptive_Module_for_Video_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Generating Masks From Boxes by Mining Spatio-Temporal Consistencies in Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhao_Generating_Masks_From_Boxes_by_Mining_Spatio-Temporal_Consistencies_in_Videos_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Rare Category Classifiers on a Tight Labeling Budget
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Mullapudi_Learning_Rare_Category_Classifiers_on_a_Tight_Labeling_Budget_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
3D Human Texture Estimation From a Single Image With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_3D_Human_Texture_Estimation_From_a_Single_Image_With_Transformers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
The Surprising Effectiveness of Visual Odometry Techniques for Embodied PointGoal Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhao_The_Surprising_Effectiveness_of_Visual_Odometry_Techniques_for_Embodied_PointGoal_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Rehearsal Revealed: The Limits and Merits of Revisiting Samples in Continual Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Verwimp_Rehearsal_Revealed_The_Limits_and_Merits_of_Revisiting_Samples_in_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Discover the Unknown Biased Attribute of an Image Classifier
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Discover_the_Unknown_Biased_Attribute_of_an_Image_Classifier_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DAE-GAN: Dynamic Aspect-Aware GAN for Text-to-Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ruan_DAE-GAN_Dynamic_Aspect-Aware_GAN_for_Text-to-Image_Synthesis_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Facial Representations From the Cycle-Consistency of Face
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chang_Learning_Facial_Representations_From_the_Cycle-Consistency_of_Face_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Influence Selection for Active Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Influence_Selection_for_Active_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Visual Alignment Constraint for Continuous Sign Language Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Min_Visual_Alignment_Constraint_for_Continuous_Sign_Language_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Contextually Plausible and Diverse 3D Human Motion Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Aliakbarian_Contextually_Plausible_and_Diverse_3D_Human_Motion_Prediction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Condensing a Sequence to One Informative Frame for Video Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Qiu_Condensing_a_Sequence_to_One_Informative_Frame_for_Video_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Active Domain Adaptation via Clustering Uncertainty-Weighted Embeddings
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Prabhu_Active_Domain_Adaptation_via_Clustering_Uncertainty-Weighted_Embeddings_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Detail Me More: Improving GAN&#x27;s Photo-Realism of Complex Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gadde_Detail_Me_More_Improving_GANs_Photo-Realism_of_Complex_Scenes_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Rethinking Self-Supervised Correspondence Learning: A Video Frame-Level Similarity Perspective
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_Rethinking_Self-Supervised_Correspondence_Learning_A_Video_Frame-Level_Similarity_Perspective_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
PrimitiveNet: Primitive Instance Segmentation With Local Primitive Embedding Under Adversarial Metric
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Huang_PrimitiveNet_Primitive_Instance_Segmentation_With_Local_Primitive_Embedding_Under_Adversarial_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
FuseFormer: Fusing Fine-Grained Information in Transformers for Video Inpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_FuseFormer_Fusing_Fine-Grained_Information_in_Transformers_for_Video_Inpainting_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Co2L: Contrastive Continual Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cha_Co2L_Contrastive_Continual_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unconstrained Scene Generation With Locally Conditioned Radiance Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/DeVries_Unconstrained_Scene_Generation_With_Locally_Conditioned_Radiance_Fields_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
3D Human Pose Estimation With Spatial and Temporal Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zheng_3D_Human_Pose_Estimation_With_Spatial_and_Temporal_Transformers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Representation Learning From Flow Equivariance
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xiong_Self-Supervised_Representation_Learning_From_Flow_Equivariance_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Attribute-Driven Disentangled Representations for Interactive Fashion Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hou_Learning_Attribute-Driven_Disentangled_Representations_for_Interactive_Fashion_Retrieval_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SemiHand: Semi-Supervised Hand Pose Estimation With Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_SemiHand_Semi-Supervised_Hand_Pose_Estimation_With_Consistency_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Efficient Action Recognition via Dynamic Knowledge Propagation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_Efficient_Action_Recognition_via_Dynamic_Knowledge_Propagation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Homogeneous Architecture Augmentation for Neural Predictor
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Homogeneous_Architecture_Augmentation_for_Neural_Predictor_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Co-Scale Conv-Attentional Image Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_Co-Scale_Conv-Attentional_Image_Transformers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Impact of Aliasing on Generalization in Deep Convolutional Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Vasconcelos_Impact_of_Aliasing_on_Generalization_in_Deep_Convolutional_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
PARE: Part Attention Regressor for 3D Human Body Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kocabas_PARE_Part_Attention_Regressor_for_3D_Human_Body_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Do Different Deep Metric Learning Losses Lead to Similar Learned Features?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kobs_Do_Different_Deep_Metric_Learning_Losses_Lead_to_Similar_Learned_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
CSG-Stump: A Learning Friendly CSG-Like Representation for Interpretable Shape Parsing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ren_CSG-Stump_A_Learning_Friendly_CSG-Like_Representation_for_Interpretable_Shape_Parsing_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised Learning of Visual Features by Non-Parametrically Predicting View Assignments With Support Samples
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Assran_Semi-Supervised_Learning_of_Visual_Features_by_Non-Parametrically_Predicting_View_Assignments_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Stochastic Transformer Networks With Linear Competing Units: Application To End-to-End SL Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Voskou_Stochastic_Transformer_Networks_With_Linear_Competing_Units_Application_To_End-to-End_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Telling the What While Pointing to the Where: Multimodal Queries for Image Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Changpinyo_Telling_the_What_While_Pointing_to_the_Where_Multimodal_Queries_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Learning of Fine Structure Generation for 3D Point Clouds by 2D Projections Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Unsupervised_Learning_of_Fine_Structure_Generation_for_3D_Point_Clouds_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Domain-Invariant Disentangled Network for Generalizable Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lin_Domain-Invariant_Disentangled_Network_for_Generalizable_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Social NCE: Contrastive Learning of Socially-Aware Motion Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Social_NCE_Contrastive_Learning_of_Socially-Aware_Motion_Representations_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
The Center of Attention: Center-Keypoint Grouping via Attention for Multi-Person Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Braso_The_Center_of_Attention_Center-Keypoint_Grouping_via_Attention_for_Multi-Person_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
FloW: A Dataset and Benchmark for Floating Waste Detection in Inland Waters
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cheng_FloW_A_Dataset_and_Benchmark_for_Floating_Waste_Detection_in_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Channel-Wise Topology Refinement Graph Convolution for Skeleton-Based Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Channel-Wise_Topology_Refinement_Graph_Convolution_for_Skeleton-Based_Action_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
VSAC: Efficient and Accurate Estimator for H and F
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ivashechkin_VSAC_Efficient_and_Accurate_Estimator_for_H_and_F_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Universal-Prototype Enhancing for Few-Shot Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_Universal-Prototype_Enhancing_for_Few-Shot_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
I2UV-HandNet: Image-to-UV Prediction Network for Accurate and High-Fidelity 3D Hand Mesh Modeling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_I2UV-HandNet_Image-to-UV_Prediction_Network_for_Accurate_and_High-Fidelity_3D_Hand_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
With a Little Help From My Friends: Nearest-Neighbor Contrastive Learning of Visual Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Dwibedi_With_a_Little_Help_From_My_Friends_Nearest-Neighbor_Contrastive_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Explainable Person Re-Identification With Attribute-Guided Metric Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Explainable_Person_Re-Identification_With_Attribute-Guided_Metric_Distillation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Causal Representation for Training Cross-Domain Pose Estimator via Generative Interventions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Learning_Causal_Representation_for_Training_Cross-Domain_Pose_Estimator_via_Generative_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Webly Supervised Fine-Grained Recognition: Benchmark Datasets and an Approach
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sun_Webly_Supervised_Fine-Grained_Recognition_Benchmark_Datasets_and_an_Approach_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Interpretable Deep Networks for Monocular Depth Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/You_Towards_Interpretable_Deep_Networks_for_Monocular_Depth_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Geometric Granularity Aware Pixel-To-Mesh
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shi_Geometric_Granularity_Aware_Pixel-To-Mesh_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
NEAT: Neural Attention Fields for End-to-End Autonomous Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chitta_NEAT_Neural_Attention_Fields_for_End-to-End_Autonomous_Driving_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Modulated Periodic Activations for Generalizable Local Functional Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Mehta_Modulated_Periodic_Activations_for_Generalizable_Local_Functional_Representations_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Neural Architecture Search for Joint Human Parsing and Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zeng_Neural_Architecture_Search_for_Joint_Human_Parsing_and_Pose_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SemIE: Semantically-Aware Image Extrapolation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Khurana_SemIE_Semantically-Aware_Image_Extrapolation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Transfer Learning for Hand Mesh Recovery From Binocular Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Self-Supervised_Transfer_Learning_for_Hand_Mesh_Recovery_From_Binocular_Images_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Interpretation of Emergent Communication in Heterogeneous Collaborative Embodied Agents
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Patel_Interpretation_of_Emergent_Communication_in_Heterogeneous_Collaborative_Embodied_Agents_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Diverse Image Style Transfer via Invertible Cross-Space Mapping
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Diverse_Image_Style_Transfer_via_Invertible_Cross-Space_Mapping_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Variational Attention: Propagating Domain-Specific Knowledge for Multi-Domain Learning in Crowd Counting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Variational_Attention_Propagating_Domain-Specific_Knowledge_for_Multi-Domain_Learning_in_Crowd_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Representation Learning With Coarse Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_Weakly_Supervised_Representation_Learning_With_Coarse_Labels_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Asymmetric Bilateral Motion Estimation for Video Frame Interpolation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Park_Asymmetric_Bilateral_Motion_Estimation_for_Video_Frame_Interpolation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
LocalTrans: A Multiscale Local Transformer Network for Cross-Resolution Homography Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shao_LocalTrans_A_Multiscale_Local_Transformer_Network_for_Cross-Resolution_Homography_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
HRegNet: A Hierarchical Network for Large-Scale Outdoor LiDAR Point Cloud Registration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lu_HRegNet_A_Hierarchical_Network_for_Large-Scale_Outdoor_LiDAR_Point_Cloud_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
A Latent Transformer for Disentangled Face Editing in Images and Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yao_A_Latent_Transformer_for_Disentangled_Face_Editing_in_Images_and_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Flow-Guided Video Inpainting With Scene Templates
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lao_Flow-Guided_Video_Inpainting_With_Scene_Templates_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Long Short View Feature Decomposition via Contrastive Video Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Behrmann_Long_Short_View_Feature_Decomposition_via_Contrastive_Video_Representation_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
TACo: Token-Aware Cascade Contrastive Learning for Video-Text Alignment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_TACo_Token-Aware_Cascade_Contrastive_Learning_for_Video-Text_Alignment_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Meta Learning on a Sequence of Imbalanced Domains With Difficulty Awareness
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Meta_Learning_on_a_Sequence_of_Imbalanced_Domains_With_Difficulty_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Ranking Models in Unlabeled New Environments
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sun_Ranking_Models_in_Unlabeled_New_Environments_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Adaptive Confidence Thresholding for Monocular Depth Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Choi_Adaptive_Confidence_Thresholding_for_Monocular_Depth_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Embedding Novel Views in a Single JPEG Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_Embedding_Novel_Views_in_a_Single_JPEG_Image_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Channel Augmented Joint Learning for Visible-Infrared Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ye_Channel_Augmented_Joint_Learning_for_Visible-Infrared_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Skeletal Graph Neural Networks for Hard 3D Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zeng_Learning_Skeletal_Graph_Neural_Networks_for_Hard_3D_Pose_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Anchored Unsigned Distance Functions With Gradient Direction Alignment for Single-View Garment Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhao_Learning_Anchored_Unsigned_Distance_Functions_With_Gradient_Direction_Alignment_for_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
TeachText: CrossModal Generalized Distillation for Text-Video Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Croitoru_TeachText_CrossModal_Generalized_Distillation_for_Text-Video_Retrieval_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
OVANet: One-vs-All Network for Universal Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Saito_OVANet_One-vs-All_Network_for_Universal_Domain_Adaptation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Planar Surface Reconstruction From Sparse Views
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jin_Planar_Surface_Reconstruction_From_Sparse_Views_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
VidTr: Video Transformer Without Convolutions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_VidTr_Video_Transformer_Without_Convolutions_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Online Knowledge Distillation for Efficient Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Online_Knowledge_Distillation_for_Efficient_Pose_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
HAA500: Human-Centric Atomic Action Dataset With Curated Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chung_HAA500_Human-Centric_Atomic_Action_Dataset_With_Curated_Videos_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
From Goals, Waypoints &amp; Paths to Long Term Human Trajectory Forecasting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Mangalam_From_Goals_Waypoints__Paths_to_Long_Term_Human_Trajectory_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Intrinsic-Extrinsic Preserved GANs for Unsupervised 3D Pose Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Intrinsic-Extrinsic_Preserved_GANs_for_Unsupervised_3D_Pose_Transfer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Skeleton2Mesh: Kinematics Prior Injected Unsupervised Human Mesh Recovery
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yu_Skeleton2Mesh_Kinematics_Prior_Injected_Unsupervised_Human_Mesh_Recovery_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Membership Inference Attacks Are Easier on Difficult Problems
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shafran_Membership_Inference_Attacks_Are_Easier_on_Difficult_Problems_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Auxiliary Tasks and Exploration Enable ObjectGoal Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ye_Auxiliary_Tasks_and_Exploration_Enable_ObjectGoal_Navigation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
CrowdDriven: A New Challenging Dataset for Outdoor Visual Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jafarzadeh_CrowdDriven_A_New_Challenging_Dataset_for_Outdoor_Visual_Localization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Concept Generalization in Visual Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sariyildiz_Concept_Generalization_in_Visual_Representation_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Act the Part: Learning Interaction Strategies for Articulated Object Part Discovery
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gadre_Act_the_Part_Learning_Interaction_Strategies_for_Articulated_Object_Part_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
The Many Faces of Robustness: A Critical Analysis of Out-of-Distribution Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hendrycks_The_Many_Faces_of_Robustness_A_Critical_Analysis_of_Out-of-Distribution_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Crowd Counting With Partial Annotations in an Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_Crowd_Counting_With_Partial_Annotations_in_an_Image_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Continual Neural Mapping: Learning an Implicit Scene Representation From Sequential Observations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yan_Continual_Neural_Mapping_Learning_an_Implicit_Scene_Representation_From_Sequential_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Adaptive Label Noise Cleaning With Meta-Supervision for Deep Face Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Adaptive_Label_Noise_Cleaning_With_Meta-Supervision_for_Deep_Face_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Dense Deformation Embedding Network for Template-Free Shape Correspondence
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Unsupervised_Dense_Deformation_Embedding_Network_for_Template-Free_Shape_Correspondence_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Action Completeness From Points for Weakly-Supervised Temporal Action Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lee_Learning_Action_Completeness_From_Points_for_Weakly-Supervised_Temporal_Action_Localization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Indoor Inverse Rendering With 3D Spatially-Varying Lighting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Learning_Indoor_Inverse_Rendering_With_3D_Spatially-Varying_Lighting_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DeepGaze IIE: Calibrated Prediction in and Out-of-Domain for State-of-the-Art Saliency Modeling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Linardos_DeepGaze_IIE_Calibrated_Prediction_in_and_Out-of-Domain_for_State-of-the-Art_Saliency_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Drive From a World on Rails
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Learning_To_Drive_From_a_World_on_Rails_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Animatable Neural Radiance Fields for Modeling Dynamic Human Bodies
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Peng_Animatable_Neural_Radiance_Fields_for_Modeling_Dynamic_Human_Bodies_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Uncertainty-Aware Pseudo Label Refinery for Domain Adaptive Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Uncertainty-Aware_Pseudo_Label_Refinery_for_Domain_Adaptive_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
A General Recurrent Tracking Framework Without Real Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_A_General_Recurrent_Tracking_Framework_Without_Real_Data_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Knowledge Mining and Transferring for Domain Adaptive Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Tian_Knowledge_Mining_and_Transferring_for_Domain_Adaptive_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Cloud Transformers: A Universal Approach to Point Cloud Processing Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Mazur_Cloud_Transformers_A_Universal_Approach_to_Point_Cloud_Processing_Tasks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
TravelNet: Self-Supervised Physically Plausible Hand Motion Learning From Monocular Color Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhao_TravelNet_Self-Supervised_Physically_Plausible_Hand_Motion_Learning_From_Monocular_Color_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Joint Visual Semantic Reasoning: Multi-Stage Decoder for Text Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Bhunia_Joint_Visual_Semantic_Reasoning_Multi-Stage_Decoder_for_Text_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Video Self-Stitching Graph Network for Temporal Action Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhao_Video_Self-Stitching_Graph_Network_for_Temporal_Action_Localization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Gravity-Aware Monocular 3D Human-Object Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Dabral_Gravity-Aware_Monocular_3D_Human-Object_Reconstruction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Exploring Relational Context for Multi-Task Dense Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Bruggemann_Exploring_Relational_Context_for_Multi-Task_Dense_Prediction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
UltraPose: Synthesizing Dense Pose With 1 Billion Points by Human-Body Decoupling 3D Model
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yan_UltraPose_Synthesizing_Dense_Pose_With_1_Billion_Points_by_Human-Body_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Hand Image Understanding via Deep Multi-Task Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Hand_Image_Understanding_via_Deep_Multi-Task_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
On the Importance of Distractors for Few-Shot Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Das_On_the_Importance_of_Distractors_for_Few-Shot_Classification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Halftoning With Reversible Binary Pattern
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xia_Deep_Halftoning_With_Reversible_Binary_Pattern_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Robustness via Cross-Domain Ensembles
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yeo_Robustness_via_Cross-Domain_Ensembles_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Topic Scene Graph Generation by Attention Distillation From Caption
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Topic_Scene_Graph_Generation_by_Attention_Distillation_From_Caption_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Contrastive Learning for Label Efficient Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhao_Contrastive_Learning_for_Label_Efficient_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
BiMaL: Bijective Maximum Likelihood Approach to Domain Adaptation in Semantic Scene Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Truong_BiMaL_Bijective_Maximum_Likelihood_Approach_to_Domain_Adaptation_in_Semantic_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Robust Small Object Detection on the Water Surface Through Fusion of Camera and Millimeter Wave Radar
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cheng_Robust_Small_Object_Detection_on_the_Water_Surface_Through_Fusion_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
GroupFormer: Group Activity Recognition With Clustered Spatial-Temporal Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_GroupFormer_Group_Activity_Recognition_With_Clustered_Spatial-Temporal_Transformer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
BAPA-Net: Boundary Adaptation and Prototype Alignment for Cross-Domain Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_BAPA-Net_Boundary_Adaptation_and_Prototype_Alignment_for_Cross-Domain_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
TRiPOD: Human Trajectory and Pose Dynamics Forecasting in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Adeli_TRiPOD_Human_Trajectory_and_Pose_Dynamics_Forecasting_in_the_Wild_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
A Hierarchical Transformation-Discriminating Generative Model for Few Shot Anomaly Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sheynin_A_Hierarchical_Transformation-Discriminating_Generative_Model_for_Few_Shot_Anomaly_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Specialized Activation Functions With the Piecewise Linear Unit
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhou_Learning_Specialized_Activation_Functions_With_the_Piecewise_Linear_Unit_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Viewpoint Invariant Dense Matching for Visual Geolocalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Berton_Viewpoint_Invariant_Dense_Matching_for_Visual_Geolocalization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Video Autoencoder: Self-Supervised Disentanglement of Static 3D Structure and Motion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lai_Video_Autoencoder_Self-Supervised_Disentanglement_of_Static_3D_Structure_and_Motion_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Adaptive Convolutions With Per-Pixel Dynamic Filter Atom
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Adaptive_Convolutions_With_Per-Pixel_Dynamic_Filter_Atom_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Video Pose Distillation for Few-Shot, Fine-Grained Sports Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hong_Video_Pose_Distillation_for_Few-Shot_Fine-Grained_Sports_Action_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Else-Net: Elastic Semantic Network for Continual Action Recognition From Skeleton Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Else-Net_Elastic_Semantic_Network_for_Continual_Action_Recognition_From_Skeleton_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Low-Shot Validation: Active Importance Sampling for Estimating Classifier Performance on Rare Categories
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Poms_Low-Shot_Validation_Active_Importance_Sampling_for_Estimating_Classifier_Performance_on_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Matching Prior: Test-Time Optimization for Dense Correspondence
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hong_Deep_Matching_Prior_Test-Time_Optimization_for_Dense_Correspondence_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
End-to-End Video Instance Segmentation via Spatial-Temporal Graph Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_End-to-End_Video_Instance_Segmentation_via_Spatial-Temporal_Graph_Neural_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
The Spatio-Temporal Poisson Point Process: A Simple Model for the Alignment of Event Camera Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gu_The_Spatio-Temporal_Poisson_Point_Process_A_Simple_Model_for_the_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Self-Similarity in Space and Time As Generalized Motion for Video Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kwon_Learning_Self-Similarity_in_Space_and_Time_As_Generalized_Motion_for_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
CR-Fill: Generative Image Inpainting With Auxiliary Contextual Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zeng_CR-Fill_Generative_Image_Inpainting_With_Auxiliary_Contextual_Reconstruction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
LookOut: Diverse Multi-Future Prediction and Planning for Self-Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cui_LookOut_Diverse_Multi-Future_Prediction_and_Planning_for_Self-Driving_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
EC-DARTS: Inducing Equalized and Consistent Optimization Into DARTS
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhou_EC-DARTS_Inducing_Equalized_and_Consistent_Optimization_Into_DARTS_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Warp-Refine Propagation: Semi-Supervised Auto-Labeling via Cycle-Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ganeshan_Warp-Refine_Propagation_Semi-Supervised_Auto-Labeling_via_Cycle-Consistency_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ILVR: Conditioning Method for Denoising Diffusion Probabilistic Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Choi_ILVR_Conditioning_Method_for_Denoising_Diffusion_Probabilistic_Models_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Universal Representation Learning From Multiple Domains for Few-Shot Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Universal_Representation_Learning_From_Multiple_Domains_for_Few-Shot_Classification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Pseudo-Loss Confidence Metric for Semi-Supervised Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Huang_Pseudo-Loss_Confidence_Metric_for_Semi-Supervised_Few-Shot_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Refining Activation Downsampling With SoftPool
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Stergiou_Refining_Activation_Downsampling_With_SoftPool_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Neural-GIF: Neural Generalized Implicit Functions for Animating People in Clothing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Tiwari_Neural-GIF_Neural_Generalized_Implicit_Functions_for_Animating_People_in_Clothing_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Collaborative Learning With Disentangled Features for Zero-Shot Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jhoo_Collaborative_Learning_With_Disentangled_Features_for_Zero-Shot_Domain_Adaptation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Contact-Aware Retargeting of Skinned Motion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Villegas_Contact-Aware_Retargeting_of_Skinned_Motion_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Box-Aware Feature Enhancement for Single Object Tracking on Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zheng_Box-Aware_Feature_Enhancement_for_Single_Object_Tracking_on_Point_Clouds_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Field-Guide-Inspired Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Mall_Field-Guide-Inspired_Zero-Shot_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ORBIT: A Real-World Few-Shot Dataset for Teachable Object Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Massiceti_ORBIT_A_Real-World_Few-Shot_Dataset_for_Teachable_Object_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised Single-Stage Controllable GANs for Conditional Fine-Grained Image Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Semi-Supervised_Single-Stage_Controllable_GANs_for_Conditional_Fine-Grained_Image_Generation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Partner-Assisted Learning for Few-Shot Image Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ma_Partner-Assisted_Learning_for_Few-Shot_Image_Classification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Contrastive Coding for Active Learning Under Class Distribution Mismatch
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Du_Contrastive_Coding_for_Active_Learning_Under_Class_Distribution_Mismatch_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Partial Video Domain Adaptation With Partial Adversarial Temporal Attentive Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_Partial_Video_Domain_Adaptation_With_Partial_Adversarial_Temporal_Attentive_Network_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Compatible Embeddings
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Meng_Learning_Compatible_Embeddings_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Seasonal Contrast: Unsupervised Pre-Training From Uncurated Remote Sensing Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Manas_Seasonal_Contrast_Unsupervised_Pre-Training_From_Uncurated_Remote_Sensing_Data_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Contrastive Learning of Image Representations With Cross-Video Cycle-Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_Contrastive_Learning_of_Image_Representations_With_Cross-Video_Cycle-Consistency_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Seeking Similarities Over Differences: Similarity-Based Domain Alignment for Adaptive Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Rezaeianaran_Seeking_Similarities_Over_Differences_Similarity-Based_Domain_Alignment_for_Adaptive_Object_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Ensemble Attention Distillation for Privacy-Preserving Federated Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gong_Ensemble_Attention_Distillation_for_Privacy-Preserving_Federated_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
GAN Inversion for Out-of-Range Images With Geometric Transformations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kang_GAN_Inversion_for_Out-of-Range_Images_With_Geometric_Transformations_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Scaling Up Instance Annotation via Label Propagation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Papadopoulos_Scaling_Up_Instance_Annotation_via_Label_Propagation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
FastNeRF: High-Fidelity Neural Rendering at 200FPS
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Garbin_FastNeRF_High-Fidelity_Neural_Rendering_at_200FPS_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Semantics Disentangling for Generalized Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Semantics_Disentangling_for_Generalized_Zero-Shot_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Space-Time-Separable Graph Convolutional Network for Pose Forecasting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sofianos_Space-Time-Separable_Graph_Convolutional_Network_for_Pose_Forecasting_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
3D-FRONT: 3D Furnished Rooms With layOuts and semaNTics
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Fu_3D-FRONT_3D_Furnished_Rooms_With_layOuts_and_semaNTics_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Meta-Learning With Task-Adaptive Loss Function for Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Baik_Meta-Learning_With_Task-Adaptive_Loss_Function_for_Few-Shot_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Track Objects From Unlabeled Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zheng_Learning_To_Track_Objects_From_Unlabeled_Videos_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
H2O: A Benchmark for Visual Human-Human Object Handover Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ye_H2O_A_Benchmark_for_Visual_Human-Human_Object_Handover_Analysis_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Hierarchical Object-to-Zone Graph for Object Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Hierarchical_Object-to-Zone_Graph_for_Object_Navigation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Information-Theoretic Regularization for Multi-Source Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Park_Information-Theoretic_Regularization_for_Multi-Source_Domain_Adaptation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Beyond Road Extraction: A Dataset for Map Update Using Aerial Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Bastani_Beyond_Road_Extraction_A_Dataset_for_Map_Update_Using_Aerial_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Physics-Based Human Motion Estimation and Synthesis From Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xie_Physics-Based_Human_Motion_Estimation_and_Synthesis_From_Videos_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Hierarchical Memory Matching Network for Video Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Seong_Hierarchical_Memory_Matching_Network_for_Video_Object_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Pathdreamer: A World Model for Indoor Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Koh_Pathdreamer_A_World_Model_for_Indoor_Navigation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Saliency-Associated Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhou_Saliency-Associated_Object_Tracking_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Wanderlust: Online Continual Object Detection in the Real World
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Wanderlust_Online_Continual_Object_Detection_in_the_Real_World_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Distilling Optimal Neural Networks: Rapid Search in Diverse Spaces
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Moons_Distilling_Optimal_Neural_Networks_Rapid_Search_in_Diverse_Spaces_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unifying Nonlocal Blocks for Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhu_Unifying_Nonlocal_Blocks_for_Neural_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Realistic Human Reposing Using Cyclic Self-Supervision With 3D Shape, Pose, and Appearance Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sanyal_Learning_Realistic_Human_Reposing_Using_Cyclic_Self-Supervision_With_3D_Shape_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
MEDIRL: Predicting the Visual Attention of Drivers via Maximum Entropy Deep Inverse Reinforcement Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Baee_MEDIRL_Predicting_the_Visual_Attention_of_Drivers_via_Maximum_Entropy_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Simpler Is Better: Few-Shot Semantic Segmentation With Classifier Weight Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lu_Simpler_Is_Better_Few-Shot_Semantic_Segmentation_With_Classifier_Weight_Transformer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Prediction by Anticipation: An Action-Conditional Prediction Method Based on Interaction Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Banijamali_Prediction_by_Anticipation_An_Action-Conditional_Prediction_Method_Based_on_Interaction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Domain-Aware Universal Style Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hong_Domain-Aware_Universal_Style_Transfer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Online Pseudo Label Generation by Hierarchical Cluster Dynamics for Adaptive Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zheng_Online_Pseudo_Label_Generation_by_Hierarchical_Cluster_Dynamics_for_Adaptive_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Aha! Adaptive History-Driven Attack for Decision-Based Black-Box Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Aha_Adaptive_History-Driven_Attack_for_Decision-Based_Black-Box_Models_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Modulated Graph Convolutional Network for 3D Human Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zou_Modulated_Graph_Convolutional_Network_for_3D_Human_Pose_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Self-Consistency for Deepfake Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhao_Learning_Self-Consistency_for_Deepfake_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Generative Models of Textured 3D Meshes From Real-World Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Pavllo_Learning_Generative_Models_of_Textured_3D_Meshes_From_Real-World_Images_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Warp Consistency for Unsupervised Learning of Dense Correspondences
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Truong_Warp_Consistency_for_Unsupervised_Learning_of_Dense_Correspondences_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Toward Spatially Unbiased Generative Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Choi_Toward_Spatially_Unbiased_Generative_Models_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Expert Adversarial Attack Detection in Person Re-Identification Using Context Inconsistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Multi-Expert_Adversarial_Attack_Detection_in_Person_Re-Identification_Using_Context_Inconsistency_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Divide-and-Assemble: Learning Block-Wise Memory for Unsupervised Anomaly Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hou_Divide-and-Assemble_Learning_Block-Wise_Memory_for_Unsupervised_Anomaly_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SelfReg: Self-Supervised Contrastive Regularization for Domain Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_SelfReg_Self-Supervised_Contrastive_Regularization_for_Domain_Generalization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Towards the Unseen: Iterative Text Recognition by Distilling From Errors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Bhunia_Towards_the_Unseen_Iterative_Text_Recognition_by_Distilling_From_Errors_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Rethinking Spatial Dimensions of Vision Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Heo_Rethinking_Spatial_Dimensions_of_Vision_Transformers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
VIL-100: A New Dataset and a Baseline Model for Video Instance Lane Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_VIL-100_A_New_Dataset_and_a_Baseline_Model_for_Video_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Revitalizing Optimization for 3D Human Pose and Shape Estimation: A Sparse Constrained Formulation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Fan_Revitalizing_Optimization_for_3D_Human_Pose_and_Shape_Estimation_A_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ME-PCN: Point Completion Conditioned on Mask Emptiness
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gong_ME-PCN_Point_Completion_Conditioned_on_Mask_Emptiness_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Full-Body Motion From a Single Head-Mounted Device: Generating SMPL Poses From Partial Observations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Dittadi_Full-Body_Motion_From_a_Single_Head-Mounted_Device_Generating_SMPL_Poses_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
LOKI: Long Term and Key Intentions for Trajectory Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Girase_LOKI_Long_Term_and_Key_Intentions_for_Trajectory_Prediction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Three Steps to Multimodal Trajectory Prediction: Modality Clustering, Classification and Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sun_Three_Steps_to_Multimodal_Trajectory_Prediction_Modality_Clustering_Classification_and_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SGMNet: Learning Rotation-Invariant Point Cloud Representations via Sorted Gram Matrix
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_SGMNet_Learning_Rotation-Invariant_Point_Cloud_Representations_via_Sorted_Gram_Matrix_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Instance-Wise Hard Negative Example Generation for Contrastive Learning in Unpaired Image-to-Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Instance-Wise_Hard_Negative_Example_Generation_for_Contrastive_Learning_in_Unpaired_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Target Adversarial Frameworks for Domain Adaptation in Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Saporta_Multi-Target_Adversarial_Frameworks_for_Domain_Adaptation_in_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Context-Aware Scene Graph Generation With Seq2Seq Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lu_Context-Aware_Scene_Graph_Generation_With_Seq2Seq_Transformers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Rethinking the Backdoor Attacks&#x27; Triggers: A Frequency Perspective
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zeng_Rethinking_the_Backdoor_Attacks_Triggers_A_Frequency_Perspective_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised 3D Face Reconstruction via Conditional Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wen_Self-Supervised_3D_Face_Reconstruction_via_Conditional_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
VMNet: Voxel-Mesh Network for Geodesic-Aware 3D Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hu_VMNet_Voxel-Mesh_Network_for_Geodesic-Aware_3D_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Monocular Depth Estimation for All Day Images Using Domain Separation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Self-Supervised_Monocular_Depth_Estimation_for_All_Day_Images_Using_Domain_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
An Empirical Study of Training Self-Supervised Vision Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_An_Empirical_Study_of_Training_Self-Supervised_Vision_Transformers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Hallucinate Examples From Extrinsic and Intrinsic Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gui_Learning_To_Hallucinate_Examples_From_Extrinsic_and_Intrinsic_Supervision_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multiresolution Deep Implicit Functions for 3D Shape Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Multiresolution_Deep_Implicit_Functions_for_3D_Shape_Representation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Discriminative Region-Based Multi-Label Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Narayan_Discriminative_Region-Based_Multi-Label_Zero-Shot_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Personalized Trajectory Prediction via Distribution Discrimination
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Personalized_Trajectory_Prediction_via_Distribution_Discrimination_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
GridToPix: Training Embodied Agents With Minimal Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jain_GridToPix_Training_Embodied_Agents_With_Minimal_Supervision_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
HiFT: Hierarchical Feature Transformer for Aerial Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cao_HiFT_Hierarchical_Feature_Transformer_for_Aerial_Tracking_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Interaction via Bi-Directional Graph of Semantic Region Affinity for Scene Parsing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ding_Interaction_via_Bi-Directional_Graph_of_Semantic_Region_Affinity_for_Scene_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Consistency-Aware Graph Network for Human Interaction Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Consistency-Aware_Graph_Network_for_Human_Interaction_Understanding_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Dressing in Order: Recurrent Person Image Generation for Pose Transfer, Virtual Try-On and Outfit Editing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cui_Dressing_in_Order_Recurrent_Person_Image_Generation_for_Pose_Transfer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Attack As the Best Defense: Nullifying Image-to-Image Translation GANs via Limit-Aware Adversarial Attack
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yeh_Attack_As_the_Best_Defense_Nullifying_Image-to-Image_Translation_GANs_via_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Benchmark Platform for Ultra-Fine-Grained Visual Categorization Beyond Human Performance
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yu_Benchmark_Platform_for_Ultra-Fine-Grained_Visual_Categorization_Beyond_Human_Performance_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Pyramid Spatial-Temporal Aggregation for Video-Based Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Pyramid_Spatial-Temporal_Aggregation_for_Video-Based_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
CAPTRA: CAtegory-Level Pose Tracking for Rigid and Articulated Objects From Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Weng_CAPTRA_CAtegory-Level_Pose_Tracking_for_Rigid_and_Articulated_Objects_From_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
X-World: Accessibility, Vision, and Autonomy Meet
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_X-World_Accessibility_Vision_and_Autonomy_Meet_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Target Adaptive Context Aggregation for Video Scene Graph Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Teng_Target_Adaptive_Context_Aggregation_for_Video_Scene_Graph_Generation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learnable Boundary Guided Adversarial Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cui_Learnable_Boundary_Guided_Adversarial_Training_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Memory-Augmented Dynamic Neural Relational Inference
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gong_Memory-Augmented_Dynamic_Neural_Relational_Inference_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Physics-Based Differentiable Depth Sensor Simulation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Planche_Physics-Based_Differentiable_Depth_Sensor_Simulation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Efficient Visual Pretraining With Contrastive Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Henaff_Efficient_Visual_Pretraining_With_Contrastive_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Exploiting Scene Graphs for Human-Object Interaction Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/He_Exploiting_Scene_Graphs_for_Human-Object_Interaction_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-VAE: Learning Disentangled View-Common and View-Peculiar Visual Representations for Multi-View Clustering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_Multi-VAE_Learning_Disentangled_View-Common_and_View-Peculiar_Visual_Representations_for_Multi-View_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Adversarial Robustness for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Awais_Adversarial_Robustness_for_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Discovering 3D Parts From Image Collections
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yao_Discovering_3D_Parts_From_Image_Collections_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ICE: Inter-Instance Contrastive Encoding for Unsupervised Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_ICE_Inter-Instance_Contrastive_Encoding_for_Unsupervised_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
PIRenderer: Controllable Portrait Image Generation via Semantic Neural Rendering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ren_PIRenderer_Controllable_Portrait_Image_Generation_via_Semantic_Neural_Rendering_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Toward Human-Like Grasp: Dexterous Grasping via Semantic Representation of Object-Hand
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhu_Toward_Human-Like_Grasp_Dexterous_Grasping_via_Semantic_Representation_of_Object-Hand_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Conditional Knowledge Distillation for Degraded-Reference Image Quality Assessment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zheng_Learning_Conditional_Knowledge_Distillation_for_Degraded-Reference_Image_Quality_Assessment_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Visual Distant Supervision for Scene Graph Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yao_Visual_Distant_Supervision_for_Scene_Graph_Generation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Image Shape Manipulation From a Single Augmented Training Sample
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Vinker_Image_Shape_Manipulation_From_a_Single_Augmented_Training_Sample_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SNARF: Differentiable Forward Skinning for Animating Non-Rigid Neural Implicit Shapes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_SNARF_Differentiable_Forward_Skinning_for_Animating_Non-Rigid_Neural_Implicit_Shapes_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Curvature Generation in Curved Spaces for Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gao_Curvature_Generation_in_Curved_Spaces_for_Few-Shot_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Single Image 3D Shape Retrieval via Cross-Modal Instance and Category Contrastive Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lin_Single_Image_3D_Shape_Retrieval_via_Cross-Modal_Instance_and_Category_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Omnidata: A Scalable Pipeline for Making Multi-Task Mid-Level Vision Datasets From 3D Scans
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Eftekhar_Omnidata_A_Scalable_Pipeline_for_Making_Multi-Task_Mid-Level_Vision_Datasets_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Single View Physical Distance Estimation Using Human Pose
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Fei_Single_View_Physical_Distance_Estimation_Using_Human_Pose_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Not All Operations Contribute Equally: Hierarchical Operation-Adaptive Predictor for Neural Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Not_All_Operations_Contribute_Equally_Hierarchical_Operation-Adaptive_Predictor_for_Neural_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Adaptive Surface Normal Constraint for Depth Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Long_Adaptive_Surface_Normal_Constraint_for_Depth_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Enriching Local and Global Contexts for Temporal Action Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhu_Enriching_Local_and_Global_Contexts_for_Temporal_Action_Localization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DRAEM - A Discriminatively Trained Reconstruction Embedding for Surface Anomaly Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zavrtanik_DRAEM_-_A_Discriminatively_Trained_Reconstruction_Embedding_for_Surface_Anomaly_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Large Scale Interactive Motion Forecasting for Autonomous Driving: The Waymo Open Motion Dataset
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ettinger_Large_Scale_Interactive_Motion_Forecasting_for_Autonomous_Driving_The_Waymo_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Rethinking and Improving Relative Position Encoding for Vision Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_Rethinking_and_Improving_Relative_Position_Encoding_for_Vision_Transformer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
STRIVE: Scene Text Replacement in Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/G_STRIVE_Scene_Text_Replacement_in_Videos_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Hypersim: A Photorealistic Synthetic Dataset for Holistic Indoor Scene Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Roberts_Hypersim_A_Photorealistic_Synthetic_Dataset_for_Holistic_Indoor_Scene_Understanding_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Object Detection via Generative Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Mustikovela_Self-Supervised_Object_Detection_via_Generative_Image_Synthesis_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Action-Conditioned 3D Human Motion Synthesis With Transformer VAE
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Petrovich_Action-Conditioned_3D_Human_Motion_Synthesis_With_Transformer_VAE_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Relational Metric Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zheng_Deep_Relational_Metric_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
A Unified Objective for Novel Class Discovery
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Fini_A_Unified_Objective_for_Novel_Class_Discovery_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Provably Approximated Point Cloud Registration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jubran_Provably_Approximated_Point_Cloud_Registration_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Invisible Backdoor Attack With Sample-Specific Triggers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Invisible_Backdoor_Attack_With_Sample-Specific_Triggers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
A Multi-Mode Modulator for Multi-Domain Few-Shot Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_A_Multi-Mode_Modulator_for_Multi-Domain_Few-Shot_Classification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SketchAA: Abstract Representation for Abstract Sketches
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_SketchAA_Abstract_Representation_for_Abstract_Sketches_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SurfaceNet: Adversarial SVBRDF Estimation From a Single Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Vecchio_SurfaceNet_Adversarial_SVBRDF_Estimation_From_a_Single_Image_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
FloorPlanCAD: A Large-Scale CAD Drawing Dataset for Panoptic Symbol Spotting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Fan_FloorPlanCAD_A_Large-Scale_CAD_Drawing_Dataset_for_Panoptic_Symbol_Spotting_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Gradient Distribution Alignment Certificates Better Adversarial Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gao_Gradient_Distribution_Alignment_Certificates_Better_Adversarial_Domain_Adaptation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Latent Architectural Distribution in Differentiable Neural Architecture Search via Variational Information Maximization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Learning_Latent_Architectural_Distribution_in_Differentiable_Neural_Architecture_Search_via_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Episodic Transformer for Vision-and-Language Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Pashevich_Episodic_Transformer_for_Vision-and-Language_Navigation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Change Is Everywhere: Single-Temporal Supervised Object Change Detection in Remote Sensing Imagery
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zheng_Change_Is_Everywhere_Single-Temporal_Supervised_Object_Change_Detection_in_Remote_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Graspness Discovery in Clutters for Fast and Accurate Grasp Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Graspness_Discovery_in_Clutters_for_Fast_and_Accurate_Grasp_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Clustering by Maximizing Mutual Information Across Views
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Do_Clustering_by_Maximizing_Mutual_Information_Across_Views_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SIGN: Spatial-Information Incorporated Generative Network for Generalized Zero-Shot Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cheng_SIGN_Spatial-Information_Incorporated_Generative_Network_for_Generalized_Zero-Shot_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning With Privileged Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Song_Learning_With_Privileged_Tasks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Modelling Neighbor Relation in Joint Space-Time Graph for Video Correspondence Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhao_Modelling_Neighbor_Relation_in_Joint_Space-Time_Graph_for_Video_Correspondence_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DiagViB-6: A Diagnostic Benchmark Suite for Vision Models in the Presence of Shortcut and Generalization Opportunities
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Eulig_DiagViB-6_A_Diagnostic_Benchmark_Suite_for_Vision_Models_in_the_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ASMR: Learning Attribute-Based Person Search With Adaptive Semantic Margin Regularizer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jeong_ASMR_Learning_Attribute-Based_Person_Search_With_Adaptive_Semantic_Margin_Regularizer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Inner-Group Relations on Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ran_Learning_Inner-Group_Relations_on_Point_Clouds_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Swin Transformer: Hierarchical Vision Transformer Using Shifted Windows
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Swin_Transformer_Hierarchical_Vision_Transformer_Using_Shifted_Windows_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Dynamic Cross Feature Fusion for Remote Sensing Pansharpening
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_Dynamic_Cross_Feature_Fusion_for_Remote_Sensing_Pansharpening_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
RobustNav: Towards Benchmarking Robustness in Embodied Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chattopadhyay_RobustNav_Towards_Benchmarking_Robustness_in_Embodied_Navigation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
A Simple Baseline for Weakly-Supervised Scene Graph Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shi_A_Simple_Baseline_for_Weakly-Supervised_Scene_Graph_Generation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
3DStyleNet: Creating 3D Shapes With Geometric and Texture Style Variations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yin_3DStyleNet_Creating_3D_Shapes_With_Geometric_and_Texture_Style_Variations_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
NeRD: Neural Reflectance Decomposition From Image Collections
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Boss_NeRD_Neural_Reflectance_Decomposition_From_Image_Collections_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
MSR-GCN: Multi-Scale Residual Graph Convolution Networks for Human Motion Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Dang_MSR-GCN_Multi-Scale_Residual_Graph_Convolution_Networks_for_Human_Motion_Prediction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Gait Recognition via Effective Global-Local Feature Representation and Local Temporal Aggregation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lin_Gait_Recognition_via_Effective_Global-Local_Feature_Representation_and_Local_Temporal_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Labels4Free: Unsupervised Segmentation Using StyleGAN
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Abdal_Labels4Free_Unsupervised_Segmentation_Using_StyleGAN_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised 3D Pose Estimation for Hierarchical Dance Video Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hu_Unsupervised_3D_Pose_Estimation_for_Hierarchical_Dance_Video_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Improving Contrastive Learning by Visualizing Feature Transformation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhu_Improving_Contrastive_Learning_by_Visualizing_Feature_Transformation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Product1M: Towards Weakly Supervised Instance-Level Product Retrieval via Cross-Modal Pretraining
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhan_Product1M_Towards_Weakly_Supervised_Instance-Level_Product_Retrieval_via_Cross-Modal_Pretraining_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
StyleFormer: Real-Time Arbitrary Style Transfer via Parametric Style Composition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_StyleFormer_Real-Time_Arbitrary_Style_Transfer_via_Parametric_Style_Composition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
A Style and Semantic Memory Mechanism for Domain Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_A_Style_and_Semantic_Memory_Mechanism_for_Domain_Generalization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
EigenGAN: Layer-Wise Eigen-Learning for GANs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/He_EigenGAN_Layer-Wise_Eigen-Learning_for_GANs_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Uncertainty-Aware Human Mesh Recovery From Video by Learning Part-Based 3D Dynamics
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lee_Uncertainty-Aware_Human_Mesh_Recovery_From_Video_by_Learning_Part-Based_3D_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Neural TMDlayer: Modeling Instantaneous Flow of Features via SDE Generators
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Meng_Neural_TMDlayer_Modeling_Instantaneous_Flow_of_Features_via_SDE_Generators_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
FIERY: Future Instance Prediction in Bird&#x27;s-Eye View From Surround Monocular Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hu_FIERY_Future_Instance_Prediction_in_Birds-Eye_View_From_Surround_Monocular_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
CLEAR: Clean-Up Sample-Targeted Backdoor in Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhu_CLEAR_Clean-Up_Sample-Targeted_Backdoor_in_Neural_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Motion-Augmented Self-Training for Video Recognition at Smaller Scale
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gavrilyuk_Motion-Augmented_Self-Training_for_Video_Recognition_at_Smaller_Scale_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Generating Smooth Pose Sequences for Diverse Human Motion Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Mao_Generating_Smooth_Pose_Sequences_for_Diverse_Human_Motion_Prediction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DensePose 3D: Lifting Canonical Surface Maps of Articulated Objects to the Third Dimension
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shapovalov_DensePose_3D_Lifting_Canonical_Surface_Maps_of_Articulated_Objects_to_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Exploiting a Joint Embedding Space for Generalized Zero-Shot Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Baek_Exploiting_a_Joint_Embedding_Space_for_Generalized_Zero-Shot_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
HeadGAN: One-Shot Neural Head Synthesis and Editing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Doukas_HeadGAN_One-Shot_Neural_Head_Synthesis_and_Editing_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Aligning Subtitles in Sign Language Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Bull_Aligning_Subtitles_in_Sign_Language_Videos_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Variational Feature Disentangling for Fine-Grained Few-Shot Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_Variational_Feature_Disentangling_for_Fine-Grained_Few-Shot_Classification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Implicit Surface Point Prediction Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Venkatesh_Deep_Implicit_Surface_Point_Prediction_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Metric Learning for Open World Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cen_Deep_Metric_Learning_for_Open_World_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SO-Pose: Exploiting Self-Occlusion for Direct 6D Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Di_SO-Pose_Exploiting_Self-Occlusion_for_Direct_6D_Pose_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
HiT: Hierarchical Transformer With Momentum Contrast for Video-Text Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_HiT_Hierarchical_Transformer_With_Momentum_Contrast_for_Video-Text_Retrieval_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Few-Shot Action Recognition via Action-Appearance Aligned Meta-Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Patravali_Unsupervised_Few-Shot_Action_Recognition_via_Action-Appearance_Aligned_Meta-Adaptation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Poly-NL: Linear Complexity Non-Local Layers With 3rd Order Polynomials
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Babiloni_Poly-NL_Linear_Complexity_Non-Local_Layers_With_3rd_Order_Polynomials_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Edge-Aware Interactive Colorization Against Color-Bleeding Effects
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_Deep_Edge-Aware_Interactive_Colorization_Against_Color-Bleeding_Effects_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Separable Flow: Learning Motion Cost Volumes for Optical Flow Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Separable_Flow_Learning_Motion_Cost_Volumes_for_Optical_Flow_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learned Spatial Representations for Few-Shot Talking-Head Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Meshry_Learned_Spatial_Representations_for_Few-Shot_Talking-Head_Synthesis_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Vision Transformers for Dense Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ranftl_Vision_Transformers_for_Dense_Prediction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
GANcraft: Unsupervised 3D Neural Rendering of Minecraft Worlds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hao_GANcraft_Unsupervised_3D_Neural_Rendering_of_Minecraft_Worlds_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Talk-To-Edit: Fine-Grained Facial Editing via Dialog
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jiang_Talk-To-Edit_Fine-Grained_Facial_Editing_via_Dialog_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
AgentFormer: Agent-Aware Transformers for Socio-Temporal Multi-Agent Forecasting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yuan_AgentFormer_Agent-Aware_Transformers_for_Socio-Temporal_Multi-Agent_Forecasting_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Transparent Object Tracking Benchmark
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Fan_Transparent_Object_Tracking_Benchmark_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
CDS: Cross-Domain Self-Supervised Pre-Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_CDS_Cross-Domain_Self-Supervised_Pre-Training_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
4DComplete: Non-Rigid Motion Estimation Beyond the Observable Surface
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_4DComplete_Non-Rigid_Motion_Estimation_Beyond_the_Observable_Surface_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
On Compositions of Transformations in Contrastive Self-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Patrick_On_Compositions_of_Transformations_in_Contrastive_Self-Supervised_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
BV-Person: A Large-Scale Dataset for Bird-View Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yan_BV-Person_A_Large-Scale_Dataset_for_Bird-View_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Hierarchical Kinematic Probability Distributions for 3D Human Shape and Pose Estimation From Images in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sengupta_Hierarchical_Kinematic_Probability_Distributions_for_3D_Human_Shape_and_Pose_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DepthTrack: Unveiling the Power of RGBD Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yan_DepthTrack_Unveiling_the_Power_of_RGBD_Tracking_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
XVFI: eXtreme Video Frame Interpolation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sim_XVFI_eXtreme_Video_Frame_Interpolation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Cortical Surface Shape Analysis Based on Alexandrov Polyhedra
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Cortical_Surface_Shape_Analysis_Based_on_Alexandrov_Polyhedra_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Solving Inefficiency of Self-Supervised Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Solving_Inefficiency_of_Self-Supervised_Representation_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Stochastic Scene-Aware Motion Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hassan_Stochastic_Scene-Aware_Motion_Prediction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Estimating and Exploiting the Aleatoric Uncertainty in Surface Normal Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Bae_Estimating_and_Exploiting_the_Aleatoric_Uncertainty_in_Surface_Normal_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ReDAL: Region-Based and Diversity-Aware Active Learning for Point Cloud Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_ReDAL_Region-Based_and_Diversity-Aware_Active_Learning_for_Point_Cloud_Semantic_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Point Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhao_Point_Transformer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Graph-to-3D: End-to-End Generation and Manipulation of 3D Scenes Using Scene Graphs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Dhamo_Graph-to-3D_End-to-End_Generation_and_Manipulation_of_3D_Scenes_Using_Scene_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Universal Cross-Domain Retrieval: Generalizing Across Classes and Domains
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Paul_Universal_Cross-Domain_Retrieval_Generalizing_Across_Classes_and_Domains_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Robust Object Detection via Instance-Level Temporal Cycle Confusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Robust_Object_Detection_via_Instance-Level_Temporal_Cycle_Confusion_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Procedure Planning in Instructional Videos via Contextual Modeling and Model-Based Policy Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Bi_Procedure_Planning_in_Instructional_Videos_via_Contextual_Modeling_and_Model-Based_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Structured Outdoor Architecture Reconstruction by Exploration and Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Structured_Outdoor_Architecture_Reconstruction_by_Exploration_and_Classification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
MG-GAN: A Multi-Generator Model Preventing Out-of-Distribution Samples in Pedestrian Trajectory Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Dendorfer_MG-GAN_A_Multi-Generator_Model_Preventing_Out-of-Distribution_Samples_in_Pedestrian_Trajectory_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Point-Set Distances for Learning Representations of 3D Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Nguyen_Point-Set_Distances_for_Learning_Representations_of_3D_Point_Clouds_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ARCH++: Animation-Ready Clothed Human Reconstruction Revisited
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/He_ARCH_Animation-Ready_Clothed_Human_Reconstruction_Revisited_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Vision-Language Transformer and Query Generation for Referring Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ding_Vision-Language_Transformer_and_Query_Generation_for_Referring_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Semantically Coherent Out-of-Distribution Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_Semantically_Coherent_Out-of-Distribution_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
RetrievalFuse: Neural 3D Scene Reconstruction With a Database
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Siddiqui_RetrievalFuse_Neural_3D_Scene_Reconstruction_With_a_Database_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Know Where To See: A Visibility-Aware Approach for Occluded Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_Learning_To_Know_Where_To_See_A_Visibility-Aware_Approach_for_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Focal Frequency Loss for Image Reconstruction and Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jiang_Focal_Frequency_Loss_for_Image_Reconstruction_and_Synthesis_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Calibrating Concepts and Operations: Towards Symbolic Reasoning on Real Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Calibrating_Concepts_and_Operations_Towards_Symbolic_Reasoning_on_Real_Images_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Object Tracking by Jointly Exploiting Frame and Event Domain
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Object_Tracking_by_Jointly_Exploiting_Frame_and_Event_Domain_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Testing Using Privileged Information by Adapting Features With Statistical Dependence
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_Testing_Using_Privileged_Information_by_Adapting_Features_With_Statistical_Dependence_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Context-Sensitive Temporal Feature Learning for Gait Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Huang_Context-Sensitive_Temporal_Feature_Learning_for_Gait_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
CoMatch: Semi-Supervised Learning With Contrastive Graph Regularization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_CoMatch_Semi-Supervised_Learning_With_Contrastive_Graph_Regularization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Always Be Dreaming: A New Approach for Data-Free Class-Incremental Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Smith_Always_Be_Dreaming_A_New_Approach_for_Data-Free_Class-Incremental_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Generative Compositional Augmentations for Scene Graph Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Knyazev_Generative_Compositional_Augmentations_for_Scene_Graph_Prediction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Benchmarking Ultra-High-Definition Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Benchmarking_Ultra-High-Definition_Image_Super-Resolution_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
3D Local Convolutional Neural Networks for Gait Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Huang_3D_Local_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_for_Gait_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Better Visual Data Similarities via New Grouplet Non-Euclidean Embedding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Learning_Better_Visual_Data_Similarities_via_New_Grouplet_Non-Euclidean_Embedding_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning High-Fidelity Face Texture Completion Without Complete Face Texture
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_Learning_High-Fidelity_Face_Texture_Completion_Without_Complete_Face_Texture_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Product Quantizer Aware Inverted Index for Scalable Nearest Neighbor Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Noh_Product_Quantizer_Aware_Inverted_Index_for_Scalable_Nearest_Neighbor_Search_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Track Without Appearance: Learn Box and Tracklet Embedding With Local and Global Motion Patterns for Vehicle Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Track_Without_Appearance_Learn_Box_and_Tracklet_Embedding_With_Local_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
PASS: Protected Attribute Suppression System for Mitigating Bias in Face Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Dhar_PASS_Protected_Attribute_Suppression_System_for_Mitigating_Bias_in_Face_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Probabilistic Monocular 3D Human Pose Estimation With Normalizing Flows
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wehrbein_Probabilistic_Monocular_3D_Human_Pose_Estimation_With_Normalizing_Flows_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
From Two to One: A New Scene Text Recognizer With Visual Language Modeling Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_From_Two_to_One_A_New_Scene_Text_Recognizer_With_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
GRF: Learning a General Radiance Field for 3D Representation and Rendering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Trevithick_GRF_Learning_a_General_Radiance_Field_for_3D_Representation_and_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Neural Strokes: Stylized Line Drawing of 3D Shapes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Neural_Strokes_Stylized_Line_Drawing_of_3D_Shapes_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SPG: Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for 3D Object Detection via Semantic Point Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_SPG_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_for_3D_Object_Detection_via_Semantic_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Direct Differentiable Augmentation Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Direct_Differentiable_Augmentation_Search_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
The Functional Correspondence Problem
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lai_The_Functional_Correspondence_Problem_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Detection and Continual Learning of Novel Face Presentation Attacks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Rostami_Detection_and_Continual_Learning_of_Novel_Face_Presentation_Attacks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Adaptive Adversarial Network for Source-Free Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xia_Adaptive_Adversarial_Network_for_Source-Free_Domain_Adaptation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Painting From Part
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Guo_Painting_From_Part_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Parallel Multi-Resolution Fusion Network for Image Inpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Parallel_Multi-Resolution_Fusion_Network_for_Image_Inpainting_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
MT-ORL: Multi-Task Occlusion Relationship Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Feng_MT-ORL_Multi-Task_Occlusion_Relationship_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unidentified Video Objects: A Benchmark for Dense, Open-World Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Unidentified_Video_Objects_A_Benchmark_for_Dense_Open-World_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Task-Aware Part Mining Network for Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_Task-Aware_Part_Mining_Network_for_Few-Shot_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Geometric Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Guizilini_Geometric_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_for_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
A Hierarchical Variational Neural Uncertainty Model for Stochastic Video Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chatterjee_A_Hierarchical_Variational_Neural_Uncertainty_Model_for_Stochastic_Video_Prediction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
PX-NET: Simple and Efficient Pixel-Wise Training of Photometric Stereo Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Logothetis_PX-NET_Simple_and_Efficient_Pixel-Wise_Training_of_Photometric_Stereo_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Dynamic Surface Function Networks for Clothed Human Bodies
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Burov_Dynamic_Surface_Function_Networks_for_Clothed_Human_Bodies_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Neural Image Compression via Attentional Multi-Scale Back Projection and Frequency Decomposition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gao_Neural_Image_Compression_via_Attentional_Multi-Scale_Back_Projection_and_Frequency_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unpaired Learning for High Dynamic Range Image Tone Mapping
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Vinker_Unpaired_Learning_for_High_Dynamic_Range_Image_Tone_Mapping_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unaligned Image-to-Image Translation by Learning to Reweight
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xie_Unaligned_Image-to-Image_Translation_by_Learning_to_Reweight_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
OSCAR-Net: Object-Centric Scene Graph Attention for Image Attribution
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Nguyen_OSCAR-Net_Object-Centric_Scene_Graph_Attention_for_Image_Attribution_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
A-SDF: Learning Disentangled Signed Distance Functions for Articulated Shape Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Mu_A-SDF_Learning_Disentangled_Signed_Distance_Functions_for_Articulated_Shape_Representation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Exploring Long Tail Visual Relationship Recognition With Large Vocabulary
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Abdelkarim_Exploring_Long_Tail_Visual_Relationship_Recognition_With_Large_Vocabulary_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
EM-POSE: 3D Human Pose Estimation From Sparse Electromagnetic Trackers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kaufmann_EM-POSE_3D_Human_Pose_Estimation_From_Sparse_Electromagnetic_Trackers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
On Exposing the Challenging Long Tail in Future Prediction of Traffic Actors
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Makansi_On_Exposing_the_Challenging_Long_Tail_in_Future_Prediction_of_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Video Geo-Localization Employing Geo-Temporal Feature Learning and GPS Trajectory Smoothing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Regmi_Video_Geo-Localization_Employing_Geo-Temporal_Feature_Learning_and_GPS_Trajectory_Smoothing_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ELF-VC: Efficient Learned Flexible-Rate Video Coding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Rippel_ELF-VC_Efficient_Learned_Flexible-Rate_Video_Coding_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Complete Scene and Regular Shape for Distortion Rectification by Curve-Aware Extrapolation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liao_Towards_Complete_Scene_and_Regular_Shape_for_Distortion_Rectification_by_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ViewNet: Unsupervised Viewpoint Estimation From Conditional Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Mariotti_ViewNet_Unsupervised_Viewpoint_Estimation_From_Conditional_Generation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
High-Resolution Optical Flow From 1D Attention and Correlation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_High-Resolution_Optical_Flow_From_1D_Attention_and_Correlation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Kernel Methods in Hyperbolic Spaces
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Fang_Kernel_Methods_in_Hyperbolic_Spaces_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Alleviating the Modeling Ambiguity of Unsupervised Monocular 3D Human Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yu_Towards_Alleviating_the_Modeling_Ambiguity_of_Unsupervised_Monocular_3D_Human_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Geometric Deep Neural Network Using Rigid and Non-Rigid Transformations for Human Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Friji_Geometric_Deep_Neural_Network_Using_Rigid_and_Non-Rigid_Transformations_for_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Enhanced Boundary Learning for Glass-Like Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/He_Enhanced_Boundary_Learning_for_Glass-Like_Object_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Pretraining of 3D Features on Any Point-Cloud
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Self-Supervised_Pretraining_of_3D_Features_on_Any_Point-Cloud_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Diagonal Attention and Style-Based GAN for Content-Style Disentanglement in Image Generation and Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kwon_Diagonal_Attention_and_Style-Based_GAN_for_Content-Style_Disentanglement_in_Image_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Transformer-Based Attention Networks for Continuous Pixel-Wise Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_Transformer-Based_Attention_Networks_for_Continuous_Pixel-Wise_Prediction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
PCAM: Product of Cross-Attention Matrices for Rigid Registration of Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cao_PCAM_Product_of_Cross-Attention_Matrices_for_Rigid_Registration_of_Point_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
CCT-Net: Category-Invariant Cross-Domain Transfer for Medical Single-to-Multiple Disease Diagnosis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhou_CCT-Net_Category-Invariant_Cross-Domain_Transfer_for_Medical_Single-to-Multiple_Disease_Diagnosis_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
FLAR: A Unified Prototype Framework for Few-Sample Lifelong Active Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Fan_FLAR_A_Unified_Prototype_Framework_for_Few-Sample_Lifelong_Active_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Meta-Baseline: Exploring Simple Meta-Learning for Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Meta-Baseline_Exploring_Simple_Meta-Learning_for_Few-Shot_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
PARTS: Unsupervised Segmentation With Slots, Attention and Independence Maximization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zoran_PARTS_Unsupervised_Segmentation_With_Slots_Attention_and_Independence_Maximization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Fine-Grained Semantics-Aware Representation Enhancement for Self-Supervised Monocular Depth Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jung_Fine-Grained_Semantics-Aware_Representation_Enhancement_for_Self-Supervised_Monocular_Depth_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Pose Correction for Highly Accurate Visual Localization in Large-Scale Indoor Spaces
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hyeon_Pose_Correction_for_Highly_Accurate_Visual_Localization_in_Large-Scale_Indoor_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
A Hybrid Video Anomaly Detection Framework via Memory-Augmented Flow Reconstruction and Flow-Guided Frame Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_A_Hybrid_Video_Anomaly_Detection_Framework_via_Memory-Augmented_Flow_Reconstruction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
PointBA: Towards Backdoor Attacks in 3D Point Cloud
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_PointBA_Towards_Backdoor_Attacks_in_3D_Point_Cloud_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Region Similarity Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xiao_Region_Similarity_Representation_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning of Visual Relations: The Devil Is in the Tails
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Desai_Learning_of_Visual_Relations_The_Devil_Is_in_the_Tails_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
T-SVDNet: Exploring High-Order Prototypical Correlations for Multi-Source Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_T-SVDNet_Exploring_High-Order_Prototypical_Correlations_for_Multi-Source_Domain_Adaptation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
BuildingNet: Learning To Label 3D Buildings
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Selvaraju_BuildingNet_Learning_To_Label_3D_Buildings_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Divide and Conquer for Single-Frame Temporal Action Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ju_Divide_and_Conquer_for_Single-Frame_Temporal_Action_Localization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Towards High Fidelity Monocular Face Reconstruction With Rich Reflectance Using Self-Supervised Learning and Ray Tracing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Dib_Towards_High_Fidelity_Monocular_Face_Reconstruction_With_Rich_Reflectance_Using_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Frequency Domain Image Translation: More Photo-Realistic, Better Identity-Preserving
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cai_Frequency_Domain_Image_Translation_More_Photo-Realistic_Better_Identity-Preserving_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Motion Guided Attention Fusion To Recognize Interactions From Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_Motion_Guided_Attention_Fusion_To_Recognize_Interactions_From_Videos_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SLIDE: Single Image 3D Photography With Soft Layering and Depth-Aware Inpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jampani_SLIDE_Single_Image_3D_Photography_With_Soft_Layering_and_Depth-Aware_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Spatio-Temporal Transformer for Visual Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yan_Learning_Spatio-Temporal_Transformer_for_Visual_Tracking_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
From General to Specific: Informative Scene Graph Generation via Balance Adjustment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Guo_From_General_to_Specific_Informative_Scene_Graph_Generation_via_Balance_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Object-Compositional Neural Radiance Field for Editable Scene Rendering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_Learning_Object-Compositional_Neural_Radiance_Field_for_Editable_Scene_Rendering_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Practical Relative Order Attack in Deep Ranking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhou_Practical_Relative_Order_Attack_in_Deep_Ranking_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Layered Image Decomposition Into Object Prototypes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Monnier_Unsupervised_Layered_Image_Decomposition_Into_Object_Prototypes_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Manifold Alignment for Semantically Aligned Style Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Huo_Manifold_Alignment_for_Semantically_Aligned_Style_Transfer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Defending Against Universal Adversarial Patches by Clipping Feature Norms
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yu_Defending_Against_Universal_Adversarial_Patches_by_Clipping_Feature_Norms_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Discovering Human Interactions With Large-Vocabulary Objects via Query and Multi-Scale Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Discovering_Human_Interactions_With_Large-Vocabulary_Objects_via_Query_and_Multi-Scale_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
CM-NAS: Cross-Modality Neural Architecture Search for Visible-Infrared Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Fu_CM-NAS_Cross-Modality_Neural_Architecture_Search_for_Visible-Infrared_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SENTRY: Selective Entropy Optimization via Committee Consistency for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Prabhu_SENTRY_Selective_Entropy_Optimization_via_Committee_Consistency_for_Unsupervised_Domain_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Domain Adaptation for Forgery Localization of JPEG Compressed Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Rao_Self-Supervised_Domain_Adaptation_for_Forgery_Localization_of_JPEG_Compressed_Images_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Relational Embedding for Few-Shot Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kang_Relational_Embedding_for_Few-Shot_Classification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Globally Optimal and Efficient Manhattan Frame Estimation by Delimiting Rotation Search Space
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ge_Globally_Optimal_and_Efficient_Manhattan_Frame_Estimation_by_Delimiting_Rotation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Square Root Marginalization for Sliding-Window Bundle Adjustment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Demmel_Square_Root_Marginalization_for_Sliding-Window_Bundle_Adjustment_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
OpenForensics: Large-Scale Challenging Dataset for Multi-Face Forgery Detection and Segmentation In-the-Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Le_OpenForensics_Large-Scale_Challenging_Dataset_for_Multi-Face_Forgery_Detection_and_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Symmetric Network for Underexposed Image Enhancement With Recurrent Attentional Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhao_Deep_Symmetric_Network_for_Underexposed_Image_Enhancement_With_Recurrent_Attentional_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Estimating Egocentric 3D Human Pose in Global Space
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Estimating_Egocentric_3D_Human_Pose_in_Global_Space_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Discriminative Representation Learning for Unsupervised Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Isobe_Towards_Discriminative_Representation_Learning_for_Unsupervised_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Road Anomaly Detection by Partial Image Reconstruction With Segmentation Coupling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Vojir_Road_Anomaly_Detection_by_Partial_Image_Reconstruction_With_Segmentation_Coupling_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
BossNAS: Exploring Hybrid CNN-Transformers With Block-Wisely Self-Supervised Neural Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_BossNAS_Exploring_Hybrid_CNN-Transformers_With_Block-Wisely_Self-Supervised_Neural_Architecture_Search_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
H2O: Two Hands Manipulating Objects for First Person Interaction Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kwon_H2O_Two_Hands_Manipulating_Objects_for_First_Person_Interaction_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
TransferI2I: Transfer Learning for Image-to-Image Translation From Small Datasets
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_TransferI2I_Transfer_Learning_for_Image-to-Image_Translation_From_Small_Datasets_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SynFace: Face Recognition With Synthetic Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Qiu_SynFace_Face_Recognition_With_Synthetic_Data_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Camera Distortion-Aware 3D Human Pose Estimation in Video With Optimization-Based Meta-Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cho_Camera_Distortion-Aware_3D_Human_Pose_Estimation_in_Video_With_Optimization-Based_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
KiloNeRF: Speeding Up Neural Radiance Fields With Thousands of Tiny MLPs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Reiser_KiloNeRF_Speeding_Up_Neural_Radiance_Fields_With_Thousands_of_Tiny_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Do Image Classifiers Generalize Across Time?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shankar_Do_Image_Classifiers_Generalize_Across_Time_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Refining Action Segmentation With Hierarchical Video Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ahn_Refining_Action_Segmentation_With_Hierarchical_Video_Representations_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Hierarchical Disentangled Representation Learning for Outdoor Illumination Estimation and Editing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yu_Hierarchical_Disentangled_Representation_Learning_for_Outdoor_Illumination_Estimation_and_Editing_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
InSeGAN: A Generative Approach to Segmenting Identical Instances in Depth Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cherian_InSeGAN_A_Generative_Approach_to_Segmenting_Identical_Instances_in_Depth_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
High-Performance Discriminative Tracking With Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yu_High-Performance_Discriminative_Tracking_With_Transformers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised 3D Hand Pose Estimation From Monocular RGB via Contrastive Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Spurr_Self-Supervised_3D_Hand_Pose_Estimation_From_Monocular_RGB_via_Contrastive_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Admix: Enhancing the Transferability of Adversarial Attacks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Admix_Enhancing_the_Transferability_of_Adversarial_Attacks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ACAV100M: Automatic Curation of Large-Scale Datasets for Audio-Visual Video Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lee_ACAV100M_Automatic_Curation_of_Large-Scale_Datasets_for_Audio-Visual_Video_Representation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
RPVNet: A Deep and Efficient Range-Point-Voxel Fusion Network for LiDAR Point Cloud Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_RPVNet_A_Deep_and_Efficient_Range-Point-Voxel_Fusion_Network_for_LiDAR_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
CodeNeRF: Disentangled Neural Radiance Fields for Object Categories
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jang_CodeNeRF_Disentangled_Neural_Radiance_Fields_for_Object_Categories_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Infinite Nature: Perpetual View Generation of Natural Scenes From a Single Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Infinite_Nature_Perpetual_View_Generation_of_Natural_Scenes_From_a_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Continuous Copy-Paste for One-Stage Multi-Object Tracking and Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_Continuous_Copy-Paste_for_One-Stage_Multi-Object_Tracking_and_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Hand-Object Contact Consistency Reasoning for Human Grasps Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jiang_Hand-Object_Contact_Consistency_Reasoning_for_Human_Grasps_Generation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
FashionMirror: Co-Attention Feature-Remapping Virtual Try-On With Sequential Template Poses
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_FashionMirror_Co-Attention_Feature-Remapping_Virtual_Try-On_With_Sequential_Template_Poses_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Confidence Calibration for Domain Generalization Under Covariate Shift
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gong_Confidence_Calibration_for_Domain_Generalization_Under_Covariate_Shift_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Video Representation Learning With Meta-Contrastive Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lin_Self-Supervised_Video_Representation_Learning_With_Meta-Contrastive_Network_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Depth Completion With Calibrated Backprojection Layers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wong_Unsupervised_Depth_Completion_With_Calibrated_Backprojection_Layers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
LIRA: Learnable, Imperceptible and Robust Backdoor Attacks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Doan_LIRA_Learnable_Imperceptible_and_Robust_Backdoor_Attacks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DnD: Dense Depth Estimation in Crowded Dynamic Indoor Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jung_DnD_Dense_Depth_Estimation_in_Crowded_Dynamic_Indoor_Scenes_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Click To Move: Controlling Video Generation With Sparse Motion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ardino_Click_To_Move_Controlling_Video_Generation_With_Sparse_Motion_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
From Continuity to Editability: Inverting GANs With Consecutive Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_From_Continuity_to_Editability_Inverting_GANs_With_Consecutive_Images_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
GyroFlow: Gyroscope-Guided Unsupervised Optical Flow Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_GyroFlow_Gyroscope-Guided_Unsupervised_Optical_Flow_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Discovery and Attribution of Open-World GAN Generated Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Girish_Towards_Discovery_and_Attribution_of_Open-World_GAN_Generated_Images_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Vector Neurons: A General Framework for SO(3)-Equivariant Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Deng_Vector_Neurons_A_General_Framework_for_SO3-Equivariant_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Video-Based Person Re-Identification With Spatial and Temporal Memory Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Eom_Video-Based_Person_Re-Identification_With_Spatial_and_Temporal_Memory_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Revealing the Reciprocal Relations Between Self-Supervised Stereo and Monocular Depth Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Revealing_the_Reciprocal_Relations_Between_Self-Supervised_Stereo_and_Monocular_Depth_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Robust 2D/3D Vehicle Parsing in Arbitrary Camera Views for CVIS
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Miao_Robust_2D3D_Vehicle_Parsing_in_Arbitrary_Camera_Views_for_CVIS_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ECACL: A Holistic Framework for Semi-Supervised Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_ECACL_A_Holistic_Framework_for_Semi-Supervised_Domain_Adaptation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
WaveFill: A Wavelet-Based Generation Network for Image Inpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yu_WaveFill_A_Wavelet-Based_Generation_Network_for_Image_Inpainting_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Egocentric Pose Estimation From Human Vision Span
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jiang_Egocentric_Pose_Estimation_From_Human_Vision_Span_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Monocular, One-Stage, Regression of Multiple 3D People
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sun_Monocular_One-Stage_Regression_of_Multiple_3D_People_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
PIT: Position-Invariant Transform for Cross-FoV Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gu_PIT_Position-Invariant_Transform_for_Cross-FoV_Domain_Adaptation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Image Harmonization With Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Guo_Image_Harmonization_With_Transformer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Human Pose Regression With Residual Log-Likelihood Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Human_Pose_Regression_With_Residual_Log-Likelihood_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Boosting Monocular Depth Estimation With Lightweight 3D Point Fusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Huynh_Boosting_Monocular_Depth_Estimation_With_Lightweight_3D_Point_Fusion_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Removing the Bias of Integral Pose Regression
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gu_Removing_the_Bias_of_Integral_Pose_Regression_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Holistic Pose Graph: Modeling Geometric Structure Among Objects in a Scene Using Graph Inference for 3D Object Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xiao_Holistic_Pose_Graph_Modeling_Geometric_Structure_Among_Objects_in_a_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
3DIAS: 3D Shape Reconstruction With Implicit Algebraic Surfaces
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yavartanoo_3DIAS_3D_Shape_Reconstruction_With_Implicit_Algebraic_Surfaces_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DeFRCN: Decoupled Faster R-CNN for Few-Shot Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Qiao_DeFRCN_Decoupled_Faster_R-CNN_for_Few-Shot_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Aligning Latent and Image Spaces To Connect the Unconnectable
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Skorokhodov_Aligning_Latent_and_Image_Spaces_To_Connect_the_Unconnectable_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
HandFoldingNet: A 3D Hand Pose Estimation Network Using Multiscale-Feature Guided Folding of a 2D Hand Skeleton
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cheng_HandFoldingNet_A_3D_Hand_Pose_Estimation_Network_Using_Multiscale-Feature_Guided_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Deep Local Features With Multiple Dynamic Attentions for Large-Scale Image Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_Learning_Deep_Local_Features_With_Multiple_Dynamic_Attentions_for_Large-Scale_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Motion Prediction Using Trajectory Cues
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Motion_Prediction_Using_Trajectory_Cues_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Generalized Source-Free Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_Generalized_Source-Free_Domain_Adaptation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DisUnknown: Distilling Unknown Factors for Disentanglement Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xiang_DisUnknown_Distilling_Unknown_Factors_for_Disentanglement_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
3D Building Reconstruction From Monocular Remote Sensing Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_3D_Building_Reconstruction_From_Monocular_Remote_Sensing_Images_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Scale Separable Network for Ultra-High-Definition Video Deblurring
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Deng_Multi-Scale_Separable_Network_for_Ultra-High-Definition_Video_Deblurring_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
ALADIN: All Layer Adaptive Instance Normalization for Fine-Grained Style Similarity
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ruta_ALADIN_All_Layer_Adaptive_Instance_Normalization_for_Fine-Grained_Style_Similarity_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Visio-Temporal Attention for Multi-Camera Multi-Target Association
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Visio-Temporal_Attention_for_Multi-Camera_Multi-Target_Association_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
GeomNet: A Neural Network Based on Riemannian Geometries of SPD Matrix Space and Cholesky Space for 3D Skeleton-Based Interaction Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Nguyen_GeomNet_A_Neural_Network_Based_on_Riemannian_Geometries_of_SPD_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SLAMP: Stochastic Latent Appearance and Motion Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Akan_SLAMP_Stochastic_Latent_Appearance_and_Motion_Prediction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
CPF: Learning a Contact Potential Field To Model the Hand-Object Interaction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_CPF_Learning_a_Contact_Potential_Field_To_Model_the_Hand-Object_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
BiaSwap: Removing Dataset Bias With Bias-Tailored Swapping Augmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_BiaSwap_Removing_Dataset_Bias_With_Bias-Tailored_Swapping_Augmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
GistNet: A Geometric Structure Transfer Network for Long-Tailed Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_GistNet_A_Geometric_Structure_Transfer_Network_for_Long-Tailed_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
PixelSynth: Generating a 3D-Consistent Experience From a Single Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Rockwell_PixelSynth_Generating_a_3D-Consistent_Experience_From_a_Single_Image_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Non-Rigid Neural Radiance Fields: Reconstruction and Novel View Synthesis of a Dynamic Scene From Monocular Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Tretschk_Non-Rigid_Neural_Radiance_Fields_Reconstruction_and_Novel_View_Synthesis_of_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Sketch2Mesh: Reconstructing and Editing 3D Shapes From Sketches
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Guillard_Sketch2Mesh_Reconstructing_and_Editing_3D_Shapes_From_Sketches_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Visual Representations Learning by Contrastive Mask Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhao_Self-Supervised_Visual_Representations_Learning_by_Contrastive_Mask_Prediction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Personalized Image Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Personalized_Image_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Boosting the Generalization Capability in Cross-Domain Few-Shot Learning via Noise-Enhanced Supervised Autoencoder
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liang_Boosting_the_Generalization_Capability_in_Cross-Domain_Few-Shot_Learning_via_Noise-Enhanced_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
StereOBJ-1M: Large-Scale Stereo Image Dataset for 6D Object Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_StereOBJ-1M_Large-Scale_Stereo_Image_Dataset_for_6D_Object_Pose_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
PIAP-DF: Pixel-Interested and Anti Person-Specific Facial Action Unit Detection Net With Discrete Feedback Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Tang_PIAP-DF_Pixel-Interested_and_Anti_Person-Specific_Facial_Action_Unit_Detection_Net_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
NPMs: Neural Parametric Models for 3D Deformable Shapes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Palafox_NPMs_Neural_Parametric_Models_for_3D_Deformable_Shapes_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning With Memory-Based Virtual Classes for Deep Metric Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ko_Learning_With_Memory-Based_Virtual_Classes_for_Deep_Metric_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Excavating the Potential Capacity of Self-Supervised Monocular Depth Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Peng_Excavating_the_Potential_Capacity_of_Self-Supervised_Monocular_Depth_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Interacting Two-Hand 3D Pose and Shape Reconstruction From Single Color Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Interacting_Two-Hand_3D_Pose_and_Shape_Reconstruction_From_Single_Color_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Lifelong Infinite Mixture Model Based on Knowledge-Driven Dirichlet Process
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ye_Lifelong_Infinite_Mixture_Model_Based_on_Knowledge-Driven_Dirichlet_Process_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
The Power of Points for Modeling Humans in Clothing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ma_The_Power_of_Points_for_Modeling_Humans_in_Clothing_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Adversarial Unsupervised Domain Adaptation With Conditional and Label Shift: Infer, Align and Iterate
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Adversarial_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_With_Conditional_and_Label_Shift_Infer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Cross-Modal Contrastive Features for Video Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_Learning_Cross-Modal_Contrastive_Features_for_Video_Domain_Adaptation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Energy-Based Open-World Uncertainty Modeling for Confidence Calibration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Energy-Based_Open-World_Uncertainty_Modeling_for_Confidence_Calibration_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Sat2Vid: Street-View Panoramic Video Synthesis From a Single Satellite Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Sat2Vid_Street-View_Panoramic_Video_Synthesis_From_a_Single_Satellite_Image_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
NAS-OoD: Neural Architecture Search for Out-of-Distribution Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Bai_NAS-OoD_Neural_Architecture_Search_for_Out-of-Distribution_Generalization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Hierarchical Aggregation for 3D Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Hierarchical_Aggregation_for_3D_Instance_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
A Simple Baseline for Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation With Strong Data Augmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yuan_A_Simple_Baseline_for_Semi-Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_With_Strong_Data_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Evidential Deep Learning for Open Set Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Bao_Evidential_Deep_Learning_for_Open_Set_Action_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Perception-Aware Multi-Sensor Fusion for 3D LiDAR Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhuang_Perception-Aware_Multi-Sensor_Fusion_for_3D_LiDAR_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
UVStyle-Net: Unsupervised Few-Shot Learning of 3D Style Similarity Measure for B-Reps
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Meltzer_UVStyle-Net_Unsupervised_Few-Shot_Learning_of_3D_Style_Similarity_Measure_for_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning by Aligning: Visible-Infrared Person Re-Identification Using Cross-Modal Correspondences
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Park_Learning_by_Aligning_Visible-Infrared_Person_Re-Identification_Using_Cross-Modal_Correspondences_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
MINE: Towards Continuous Depth MPI With NeRF for Novel View Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_MINE_Towards_Continuous_Depth_MPI_With_NeRF_for_Novel_View_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
LoFGAN: Fusing Local Representations for Few-Shot Image Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gu_LoFGAN_Fusing_Local_Representations_for_Few-Shot_Image_Generation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Rethinking the Truly Unsupervised Image-to-Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Baek_Rethinking_the_Truly_Unsupervised_Image-to-Image_Translation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Point-Based Modeling of Human Clothing
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zakharkin_Point-Based_Modeling_of_Human_Clothing_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Sparse Needlets for Lighting Estimation With Spherical Transport Loss
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhan_Sparse_Needlets_for_Lighting_Estimation_With_Spherical_Transport_Loss_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
MonoIndoor: Towards Good Practice of Self-Supervised Monocular Depth Estimation for Indoor Environments
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ji_MonoIndoor_Towards_Good_Practice_of_Self-Supervised_Monocular_Depth_Estimation_for_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Common Objects in 3D: Large-Scale Learning and Evaluation of Real-Life 3D Category Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Reizenstein_Common_Objects_in_3D_Large-Scale_Learning_and_Evaluation_of_Real-Life_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Reconstructing Hand-Object Interactions in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cao_Reconstructing_Hand-Object_Interactions_in_the_Wild_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
LabOR: Labeling Only if Required for Domain Adaptive Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shin_LabOR_Labeling_Only_if_Required_for_Domain_Adaptive_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SPEC: Seeing People in the Wild With an Estimated Camera
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kocabas_SPEC_Seeing_People_in_the_Wild_With_an_Estimated_Camera_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Binocular Mutual Learning for Improving Few-Shot Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhou_Binocular_Mutual_Learning_for_Improving_Few-Shot_Classification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Distilling Holistic Knowledge With Graph Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhou_Distilling_Holistic_Knowledge_With_Graph_Neural_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
STEM: An Approach to Multi-Source Domain Adaptation With Guarantees
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Nguyen_STEM_An_Approach_to_Multi-Source_Domain_Adaptation_With_Guarantees_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Divide and Contrast: Self-Supervised Learning From Uncurated Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Tian_Divide_and_Contrast_Self-Supervised_Learning_From_Uncurated_Data_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Parallel Detection-and-Segmentation Learning for Weakly Supervised Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shen_Parallel_Detection-and-Segmentation_Learning_for_Weakly_Supervised_Instance_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Real-World X-Ray Security Inspection: A High-Quality Benchmark and Lateral Inhibition Module for Prohibited Items Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Tao_Towards_Real-World_X-Ray_Security_Inspection_A_High-Quality_Benchmark_and_Lateral_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
THDA: Treasure Hunt Data Augmentation for Semantic Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Maksymets_THDA_Treasure_Hunt_Data_Augmentation_for_Semantic_Navigation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
TransForensics: Image Forgery Localization With Dense Self-Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hao_TransForensics_Image_Forgery_Localization_With_Dense_Self-Attention_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Joint Audio-Visual Deepfake Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhou_Joint_Audio-Visual_Deepfake_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Time-Equivariant Contrastive Video Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jenni_Time-Equivariant_Contrastive_Video_Representation_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Graph-Based 3D Multi-Person Pose Estimation Using Multi-View Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_Graph-Based_3D_Multi-Person_Pose_Estimation_Using_Multi-View_Images_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Anchor Active Domain Adaptation for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ning_Multi-Anchor_Active_Domain_Adaptation_for_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
PyMAF: 3D Human Pose and Shape Regression With Pyramidal Mesh Alignment Feedback Loop
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_PyMAF_3D_Human_Pose_and_Shape_Regression_With_Pyramidal_Mesh_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
KoDF: A Large-Scale Korean DeepFake Detection Dataset
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kwon_KoDF_A_Large-Scale_Korean_DeepFake_Detection_Dataset_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
LaLaLoc: Latent Layout Localisation in Dynamic, Unvisited Environments
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Howard-Jenkins_LaLaLoc_Latent_Layout_Localisation_in_Dynamic_Unvisited_Environments_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Full-Velocity Radar Returns by Radar-Camera Fusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Long_Full-Velocity_Radar_Returns_by_Radar-Camera_Fusion_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Toward Realistic Single-View 3D Object Reconstruction With Unsupervised Learning From Multiple Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ho_Toward_Realistic_Single-View_3D_Object_Reconstruction_With_Unsupervised_Learning_From_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
MVSNeRF: Fast Generalizable Radiance Field Reconstruction From Multi-View Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_MVSNeRF_Fast_Generalizable_Radiance_Field_Reconstruction_From_Multi-View_Stereo_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning To Track With Object Permanence
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Tokmakov_Learning_To_Track_With_Object_Permanence_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Deep Co-Training With Task Decomposition for Semi-Supervised Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_Deep_Co-Training_With_Task_Decomposition_for_Semi-Supervised_Domain_Adaptation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Dual Projection Generative Adversarial Networks for Conditional Image Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Han_Dual_Projection_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_for_Conditional_Image_Generation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
EventHPE: Event-Based 3D Human Pose and Shape Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zou_EventHPE_Event-Based_3D_Human_Pose_and_Shape_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
CTRL-C: Camera Calibration TRansformer With Line-Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lee_CTRL-C_Camera_Calibration_TRansformer_With_Line-Classification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
TransPose: Keypoint Localization via Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_TransPose_Keypoint_Localization_via_Transformer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Vector-Decomposed Disentanglement for Domain-Invariant Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_Vector-Decomposed_Disentanglement_for_Domain-Invariant_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
IDM: An Intermediate Domain Module for Domain Adaptive Person Re-ID
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Dai_IDM_An_Intermediate_Domain_Module_for_Domain_Adaptive_Person_Re-ID_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Robust Watermarking for Deep Neural Networks via Bi-Level Optimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_Robust_Watermarking_for_Deep_Neural_Networks_via_Bi-Level_Optimization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Video Annotation for Visual Tracking via Selection and Refinement
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Dai_Video_Annotation_for_Visual_Tracking_via_Selection_and_Refinement_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
A Unified 3D Human Motion Synthesis Model via Conditional Variational Auto-Encoder
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cai_A_Unified_3D_Human_Motion_Synthesis_Model_via_Conditional_Variational_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Safety-Aware Motion Prediction With Unseen Vehicles for Autonomous Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ren_Safety-Aware_Motion_Prediction_With_Unseen_Vehicles_for_Autonomous_Driving_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Mesh Graphormer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lin_Mesh_Graphormer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Elaborative Rehearsal for Zero-Shot Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Elaborative_Rehearsal_for_Zero-Shot_Action_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
CAG-QIL: Context-Aware Actionness Grouping via Q Imitation Learning for Online Temporal Action Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kang_CAG-QIL_Context-Aware_Actionness_Grouping_via_Q_Imitation_Learning_for_Online_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Interpretable Deep Metric Learning With Structural Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhao_Towards_Interpretable_Deep_Metric_Learning_With_Structural_Matching_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Text-Based Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhao_Weakly_Supervised_Text-Based_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
von Mises-Fisher Loss: An Exploration of Embedding Geometries for Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Scott_von_Mises-Fisher_Loss_An_Exploration_of_Embedding_Geometries_for_Supervised_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multiple Heads Are Better Than One: Few-Shot Font Generation With Multiple Localized Experts
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Park_Multiple_Heads_Are_Better_Than_One_Few-Shot_Font_Generation_With_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Me-Momentum: Extracting Hard Confident Examples From Noisily Labeled Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Bai_Me-Momentum_Extracting_Hard_Confident_Examples_From_Noisily_Labeled_Data_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
mDALU: Multi-Source Domain Adaptation and Label Unification With Partial Datasets
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Gong_mDALU_Multi-Source_Domain_Adaptation_and_Label_Unification_With_Partial_Datasets_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Collaging Class-Specific GANs for Semantic Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Collaging_Class-Specific_GANs_for_Semantic_Image_Synthesis_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Meta Navigator: Search for a Good Adaptation Policy for Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Meta_Navigator_Search_for_a_Good_Adaptation_Policy_for_Few-Shot_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Occlusion-Aware Video Object Inpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ke_Occlusion-Aware_Video_Object_Inpainting_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Bayesian Triplet Loss: Uncertainty Quantification in Image Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Warburg_Bayesian_Triplet_Loss_Uncertainty_Quantification_in_Image_Retrieval_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
AutoFormer: Searching Transformers for Visual Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_AutoFormer_Searching_Transformers_for_Visual_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Mining Latent Classes for Few-Shot Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_Mining_Latent_Classes_for_Few-Shot_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Active Learning for Deep Object Detection via Probabilistic Modeling
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Choi_Active_Learning_for_Deep_Object_Detection_via_Probabilistic_Modeling_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Occlude Them All: Occlusion-Aware Attention Network for Occluded Person Re-ID
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Occlude_Them_All_Occlusion-Aware_Attention_Network_for_Occluded_Person_Re-ID_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Accurate Alignment in Real-Time 3D Hand-Mesh Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Tang_Towards_Accurate_Alignment_in_Real-Time_3D_Hand-Mesh_Reconstruction_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Searching for Controllable Image Restoration Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kim_Searching_for_Controllable_Image_Restoration_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Seeing Dynamic Scene in the Dark: A High-Quality Video Dataset With Mechatronic Alignment
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Seeing_Dynamic_Scene_in_the_Dark_A_High-Quality_Video_Dataset_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
AdvRush: Searching for Adversarially Robust Neural Architectures
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Mok_AdvRush_Searching_for_Adversarially_Robust_Neural_Architectures_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Mean Shift for Self-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Koohpayegani_Mean_Shift_for_Self-Supervised_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Speech Drives Templates: Co-Speech Gesture Synthesis With Learned Templates
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Qian_Speech_Drives_Templates_Co-Speech_Gesture_Synthesis_With_Learned_Templates_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Improving Robustness Against Common Corruptions With Frequency Biased Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Saikia_Improving_Robustness_Against_Common_Corruptions_With_Frequency_Biased_Models_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
HuMoR: 3D Human Motion Model for Robust Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Rempe_HuMoR_3D_Human_Motion_Model_for_Robust_Pose_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Class Semantics-Based Attention for Action Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sridhar_Class_Semantics-Based_Attention_for_Action_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
MultiSports: A Multi-Person Video Dataset of Spatio-Temporally Localized Sports Actions
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_MultiSports_A_Multi-Person_Video_Dataset_of_Spatio-Temporally_Localized_Sports_Actions_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Triggering Failures: Out-of-Distribution Detection by Learning From Local Adversarial Attacks in Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Besnier_Triggering_Failures_Out-of-Distribution_Detection_by_Learning_From_Local_Adversarial_Attacks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Glimpse-Attend-and-Explore: Self-Attention for Active Visual Exploration
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Seifi_Glimpse-Attend-and-Explore_Self-Attention_for_Active_Visual_Exploration_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Field Convolutions for Surface CNNs
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Mitchel_Field_Convolutions_for_Surface_CNNs_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SIMstack: A Generative Shape and Instance Model for Unordered Object Stacks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Landgraf_SIMstack_A_Generative_Shape_and_Instance_Model_for_Unordered_Object_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Person Search With Region Siamese Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Han_Weakly_Supervised_Person_Search_With_Region_Siamese_Networks_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Pose Invariant Topological Memory for Visual Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Taniguchi_Pose_Invariant_Topological_Memory_for_Visual_Navigation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Shape Self-Correction for Unsupervised Point Cloud Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Shape_Self-Correction_for_Unsupervised_Point_Cloud_Understanding_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Dissecting Image Crops
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Van_Hoorick_Dissecting_Image_Crops_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Standardized Max Logits: A Simple yet Effective Approach for Identifying Unexpected Road Obstacles in Urban-Scene Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jung_Standardized_Max_Logits_A_Simple_yet_Effective_Approach_for_Identifying_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SIGNET: Efficient Neural Representation for Light Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Feng_SIGNET_Efficient_Neural_Representation_for_Light_Fields_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Understanding and Evaluating Racial Biases in Image Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhao_Understanding_and_Evaluating_Racial_Biases_in_Image_Captioning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning an Augmented RGB Representation With Cross-Modal Knowledge Distillation for Action Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Dai_Learning_an_Augmented_RGB_Representation_With_Cross-Modal_Knowledge_Distillation_for_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
VaPiD: A Rapid Vanishing Point Detector via Learned Optimizers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_VaPiD_A_Rapid_Vanishing_Point_Detector_via_Learned_Optimizers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Continual Prototype Evolution: Learning Online From Non-Stationary Data Streams
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/De_Lange_Continual_Prototype_Evolution_Learning_Online_From_Non-Stationary_Data_Streams_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Iterative Label Cleaning for Transductive and Semi-Supervised Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lazarou_Iterative_Label_Cleaning_for_Transductive_and_Semi-Supervised_Few-Shot_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Few-Shot and Continual Learning With Attentive Independent Mechanisms
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lee_Few-Shot_and_Continual_Learning_With_Attentive_Independent_Mechanisms_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Trash To Treasure: Harvesting OOD Data With Cross-Modal Matching for Open-Set Semi-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Huang_Trash_To_Treasure_Harvesting_OOD_Data_With_Cross-Modal_Matching_for_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Regularizing Nighttime Weirdness: Efficient Self-Supervised Monocular Depth Estimation in the Dark
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Regularizing_Nighttime_Weirdness_Efficient_Self-Supervised_Monocular_Depth_Estimation_in_the_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Occluded Person Re-Identification With Single-Scale Global Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yan_Occluded_Person_Re-Identification_With_Single-Scale_Global_Representations_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Novel Target Discovery Through Open-Set Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jing_Towards_Novel_Target_Discovery_Through_Open-Set_Domain_Adaptation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
BioFors: A Large Biomedical Image Forensics Dataset
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sabir_BioFors_A_Large_Biomedical_Image_Forensics_Dataset_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Structure-Transformed Texture-Enhanced Network for Person Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_Structure-Transformed_Texture-Enhanced_Network_for_Person_Image_Synthesis_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
RAIN: Reinforced Hybrid Attention Inference Network for Motion Forecasting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_RAIN_Reinforced_Hybrid_Attention_Inference_Network_for_Motion_Forecasting_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
AutoShape: Real-Time Shape-Aware Monocular 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_AutoShape_Real-Time_Shape-Aware_Monocular_3D_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Coarsely-Labeled Data for Better Few-Shot Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Phoo_Coarsely-Labeled_Data_for_Better_Few-Shot_Transfer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Tune It the Right Way: Unsupervised Validation of Domain Adaptation via Soft Neighborhood Density
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Saito_Tune_It_the_Right_Way_Unsupervised_Validation_of_Domain_Adaptation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Emerging Properties in Self-Supervised Vision Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Caron_Emerging_Properties_in_Self-Supervised_Vision_Transformers_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Improving Robustness of Facial Landmark Detection by Defending Against Adversarial Attacks
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhu_Improving_Robustness_of_Facial_Landmark_Detection_by_Defending_Against_Adversarial_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
DeepPanoContext: Panoramic 3D Scene Understanding With Holistic Scene Context Graph and Relation-Based Optimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_DeepPanoContext_Panoramic_3D_Scene_Understanding_With_Holistic_Scene_Context_Graph_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-View Radar Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ouaknine_Multi-View_Radar_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Exploring Robustness of Unsupervised Domain Adaptation in Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yang_Exploring_Robustness_of_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_in_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Synthesized Feature Based Few-Shot Class-Incremental Learning on a Mixture of Subspaces
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cheraghian_Synthesized_Feature_Based_Few-Shot_Class-Incremental_Learning_on_a_Mixture_of_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Efficient and Differentiable Shadow Computation for Inverse Problems
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lyu_Efficient_and_Differentiable_Shadow_Computation_for_Inverse_Problems_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Artificial Fingerprinting for Generative Models: Rooting Deepfake Attribution in Training Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yu_Artificial_Fingerprinting_for_Generative_Models_Rooting_Deepfake_Attribution_in_Training_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
TokenPose: Learning Keypoint Tokens for Human Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_TokenPose_Learning_Keypoint_Tokens_for_Human_Pose_Estimation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Task Switching Network for Multi-Task Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Sun_Task_Switching_Network_for_Multi-Task_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Interaction Compass: Multi-Label Zero-Shot Learning of Human-Object Interactions via Spatial Relations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Huynh_Interaction_Compass_Multi-Label_Zero-Shot_Learning_of_Human-Object_Interactions_via_Spatial_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Point Cloud Pre-Training via Occlusion Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_Unsupervised_Point_Cloud_Pre-Training_via_Occlusion_Completion_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Towards Vivid and Diverse Image Colorization With Generative Color Prior
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wu_Towards_Vivid_and_Diverse_Image_Colorization_With_Generative_Color_Prior_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
The Pursuit of Knowledge: Discovering and Localizing Novel Categories Using Dual Memory
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Rambhatla_The_Pursuit_of_Knowledge_Discovering_and_Localizing_Novel_Categories_Using_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unconditional Scene Graph Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Garg_Unconditional_Scene_Graph_Generation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Gait Recognition in the Wild: A Benchmark
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhu_Gait_Recognition_in_the_Wild_A_Benchmark_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Structured Bird&#x27;s-Eye-View Traffic Scene Understanding From Onboard Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Can_Structured_Birds-Eye-View_Traffic_Scene_Understanding_From_Onboard_Images_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
MOTSynth: How Can Synthetic Data Help Pedestrian Detection and Tracking?
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Fabbri_MOTSynth_How_Can_Synthetic_Data_Help_Pedestrian_Detection_and_Tracking_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
MonteFloor: Extending MCTS for Reconstructing Accurate Large-Scale Floor Plans
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Stekovic_MonteFloor_Extending_MCTS_for_Reconstructing_Accurate_Large-Scale_Floor_Plans_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Relaxed Transformer Decoders for Direct Action Proposal Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Tan_Relaxed_Transformer_Decoders_for_Direct_Action_Proposal_Generation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
D2-Net: Weakly-Supervised Action Localization via Discriminative Embeddings and Denoised Activations
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Narayan_D2-Net_Weakly-Supervised_Action_Localization_via_Discriminative_Embeddings_and_Denoised_Activations_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Localized Simple Multiple Kernel K-Means
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Localized_Simple_Multiple_Kernel_K-Means_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
PT-CapsNet: A Novel Prediction-Tuning Capsule Network Suitable for Deeper Architectures
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Pan_PT-CapsNet_A_Novel_Prediction-Tuning_Capsule_Network_Suitable_for_Deeper_Architectures_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
In-Place Scene Labelling and Understanding With Implicit Scene Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhi_In-Place_Scene_Labelling_and_Understanding_With_Implicit_Scene_Representation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Mixture-Based Feature Space Learning for Few-Shot Image Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Afrasiyabi_Mixture-Based_Feature_Space_Learning_for_Few-Shot_Image_Classification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning a Sketch Tensor Space for Image Inpainting of Man-Made Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cao_Learning_a_Sketch_Tensor_Space_for_Image_Inpainting_of_Man-Made_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Instance-Level Spatial-Temporal Patterns for Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ren_Learning_Instance-Level_Spatial-Temporal_Patterns_for_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
EgoRenderer: Rendering Human Avatars From Egocentric Camera Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hu_EgoRenderer_Rendering_Human_Avatars_From_Egocentric_Camera_Images_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Visual Graph Memory With Unsupervised Representation for Visual Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kwon_Visual_Graph_Memory_With_Unsupervised_Representation_for_Visual_Navigation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
MGNet: Monocular Geometric Scene Understanding for Autonomous Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Schon_MGNet_Monocular_Geometric_Scene_Understanding_for_Autonomous_Driving_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Semantic Segmentation by Contrasting Object Mask Proposals
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Van_Gansbeke_Unsupervised_Semantic_Segmentation_by_Contrasting_Object_Mask_Proposals_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Graph Contrastive Clustering
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhong_Graph_Contrastive_Clustering_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Temporal-Wise Attention Spiking Neural Networks for Event Streams Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Yao_Temporal-Wise_Attention_Spiking_Neural_Networks_for_Event_Streams_Classification_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Encoder-Decoder With Multi-Level Attention for 3D Human Shape and Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wan_Encoder-Decoder_With_Multi-Level_Attention_for_3D_Human_Shape_and_Pose_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Transductive Few-Shot Classification on the Oblique Manifold
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Qi_Transductive_Few-Shot_Classification_on_the_Oblique_Manifold_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
The Animation Transformer: Visual Correspondence via Segment Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Casey_The_Animation_Transformer_Visual_Correspondence_via_Segment_Matching_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Weak Adaptation Learning: Addressing Cross-Domain Data Insufficiency With Weak Annotator
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_Weak_Adaptation_Learning_Addressing_Cross-Domain_Data_Insufficiency_With_Weak_Annotator_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Building-GAN: Graph-Conditioned Architectural Volumetric Design Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chang_Building-GAN_Graph-Conditioned_Architectural_Volumetric_Design_Generation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Scribble-Supervised Semantic Segmentation Inference
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Xu_Scribble-Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_Inference_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Improve Unsupervised Pretraining for Few-Label Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_Improve_Unsupervised_Pretraining_for_Few-Label_Transfer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Image Inpainting via Conditional Texture and Structure Dual Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Guo_Image_Inpainting_via_Conditional_Texture_and_Structure_Dual_Generation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Robustness and Generalization via Generative Adversarial Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Poursaeed_Robustness_and_Generalization_via_Generative_Adversarial_Training_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Exploring Inter-Channel Correlation for Diversity-Preserved Knowledge Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Liu_Exploring_Inter-Channel_Correlation_for_Diversity-Preserved_Knowledge_Distillation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Class-Incremental Learning for Action Recognition in Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Park_Class-Incremental_Learning_for_Action_Recognition_in_Videos_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Space-Time Crop &amp; Attend: Improving Cross-Modal Video Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Patrick_Space-Time_Crop__Attend_Improving_Cross-Modal_Video_Representation_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
RDA: Robust Domain Adaptation via Fourier Adversarial Attacking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Huang_RDA_Robust_Domain_Adaptation_via_Fourier_Adversarial_Attacking_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Worldsheet: Wrapping the World in a 3D Sheet for View Synthesis From a Single Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Hu_Worldsheet_Wrapping_the_World_in_a_3D_Sheet_for_View_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Patch2CAD: Patchwise Embedding Learning for In-the-Wild Shape Retrieval From a Single Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Kuo_Patch2CAD_Patchwise_Embedding_Learning_for_In-the-Wild_Shape_Retrieval_From_a_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Motion Adaptive Pose Estimation From Compressed Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Fan_Motion_Adaptive_Pose_Estimation_From_Compressed_Videos_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learning Motion Priors for 4D Human Body Capture in 3D Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Learning_Motion_Priors_for_4D_Human_Body_Capture_in_3D_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Face Image Retrieval With Attribute Manipulation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zaeemzadeh_Face_Image_Retrieval_With_Attribute_Manipulation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Contrastive Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zheng_Weakly_Supervised_Contrastive_Learning_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
SLIM: Self-Supervised LiDAR Scene Flow and Motion Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Baur_SLIM_Self-Supervised_LiDAR_Scene_Flow_and_Motion_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Likelihood-Based Diverse Sampling for Trajectory Forecasting
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jason_Likelihood-Based_Diverse_Sampling_for_Trajectory_Forecasting_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
RANK-NOSH: Efficient Predictor-Based Architecture Search via Non-Uniform Successive Halving
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Wang_RANK-NOSH_Efficient_Predictor-Based_Architecture_Search_via_Non-Uniform_Successive_Halving_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Dual Path Learning for Domain Adaptation of Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Cheng_Dual_Path_Learning_for_Domain_Adaptation_of_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
A Simple Feature Augmentation for Domain Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Li_A_Simple_Feature_Augmentation_for_Domain_Generalization_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Geometry-Based Distance Decomposition for Monocular 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shi_Geometry-Based_Distance_Decomposition_for_Monocular_3D_Object_Detection_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Human Trajectory Prediction via Counterfactual Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Chen_Human_Trajectory_Prediction_via_Counterfactual_Analysis_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Anticipative Video Transformer
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Girdhar_Anticipative_Video_Transformer_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Semantically Robust Unpaired Image Translation for Data With Unmatched Semantics Statistics
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Jia_Semantically_Robust_Unpaired_Image_Translation_for_Data_With_Unmatched_Semantics_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Waypoint Models for Instruction-Guided Navigation in Continuous Environments
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Krantz_Waypoint_Models_for_Instruction-Guided_Navigation_in_Continuous_Environments_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Rethinking Preventing Class-Collapsing in Metric Learning With Margin-Based Losses
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Levi_Rethinking_Preventing_Class-Collapsing_in_Metric_Learning_With_Margin-Based_Losses_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
BabelCalib: A Universal Approach to Calibrating Central Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Lochman_BabelCalib_A_Universal_Approach_to_Calibrating_Central_Cameras_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Curious Representation Learning for Embodied Intelligence
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Du_Curious_Representation_Learning_for_Embodied_Intelligence_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Multi-Modal Multi-Action Video Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Shi_Multi-Modal_Multi-Action_Video_Recognition_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation With Pixel-Level Contrastive Learning From a Class-Wise Memory Bank
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Alonso_Semi-Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_With_Pixel-Level_Contrastive_Learning_From_a_Class-Wise_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
End-to-End Urban Driving by Imitating a Reinforcement Learning Coach
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_End-to-End_Urban_Driving_by_Imitating_a_Reinforcement_Learning_Coach_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Active Learning for Lane Detection: A Knowledge Distillation Approach
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Peng_Active_Learning_for_Lane_Detection_A_Knowledge_Distillation_Approach_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Learn To Match: Automatic Matching Network Design for Visual Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Zhang_Learn_To_Match_Automatic_Matching_Network_Design_for_Visual_Tracking_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
Internal Video Inpainting by Implicit Long-Range Propagation
https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/ICCV2021/papers/Ouyang_Internal_Video_Inpainting_by_Implicit_Long-Range_Propagation_ICCV_2021_paper.pdf
