FaceForensics++: Learning to Detect Manipulated Facial Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Rossler_FaceForensics_Learning_to_Detect_Manipulated_Facial_Images_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
DeepVCP: An End-to-End Deep Neural Network for Point Cloud Registration
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lu_DeepVCP_An_End-to-End_Deep_Neural_Network_for_Point_Cloud_Registration_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Shape Reconstruction Using Differentiable Projections and Deep Priors
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gadelha_Shape_Reconstruction_Using_Differentiable_Projections_and_Deep_Priors_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Fine-Grained Segmentation Networks: Self-Supervised Segmentation for Improved Long-Term Visual Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Larsson_Fine-Grained_Segmentation_Networks_Self-Supervised_Segmentation_for_Improved_Long-Term_Visual_Localization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SANet: Scene Agnostic Network for Camera Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yang_SANet_Scene_Agnostic_Network_for_Camera_Localization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Total Denoising: Unsupervised Learning of 3D Point Cloud Cleaning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Hermosilla_Total_Denoising_Unsupervised_Learning_of_3D_Point_Cloud_Cleaning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Hierarchical Self-Attention Network for Action Localization in Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Pramono_Hierarchical_Self-Attention_Network_for_Action_Localization_in_Videos_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Goal-Driven Sequential Data Abstraction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Muhammad_Goal-Driven_Sequential_Data_Abstraction_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Jointly Aligning Millions of Images With Deep Penalised Reconstruction Congealing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Annunziata_Jointly_Aligning_Millions_of_Images_With_Deep_Penalised_Reconstruction_Congealing_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Drop to Adapt: Learning Discriminative Features for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lee_Drop_to_Adapt_Learning_Discriminative_Features_for_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
NLNL: Negative Learning for Noisy Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kim_NLNL_Negative_Learning_for_Noisy_Labels_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Adversarial Robustness vs. Model Compression, or Both?
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ye_Adversarial_Robustness_vs._Model_Compression_or_Both_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
On the Design of Black-Box Adversarial Examples by Leveraging Gradient-Free Optimization and Operator Splitting Method
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhao_On_the_Design_of_Black-Box_Adversarial_Examples_by_Leveraging_Gradient-Free_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
DewarpNet: Single-Image Document Unwarping With Stacked 3D and 2D Regression Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Das_DewarpNet_Single-Image_Document_Unwarping_With_Stacked_3D_and_2D_Regression_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Robust Facial Landmark Detection via Hierarchical Structured Ensemble
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zou_Learning_Robust_Facial_Landmark_Detection_via_Hierarchical_Structured_Ensemble_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Remote Heart Rate Measurement From Highly Compressed Facial Videos: An End-to-End Deep Learning Solution With Video Enhancement
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yu_Remote_Heart_Rate_Measurement_From_Highly_Compressed_Facial_Videos_An_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Face-to-Parameter Translation for Game Character Auto-Creation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Shi_Face-to-Parameter_Translation_for_Game_Character_Auto-Creation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Visual Deprojection: Probabilistic Recovery of Collapsed Dimensions
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Balakrishnan_Visual_Deprojection_Probabilistic_Recovery_of_Collapsed_Dimensions_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
StructureFlow: Image Inpainting via Structure-Aware Appearance Flow
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ren_StructureFlow_Image_Inpainting_via_Structure-Aware_Appearance_Flow_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Fixed Points in Generative Adversarial Networks: From Image-to-Image Translation to Disease Detection and Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Siddiquee_Learning_Fixed_Points_in_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_From_Image-to-Image_Translation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Generative Adversarial Training for Weakly Supervised Cloud Matting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zou_Generative_Adversarial_Training_for_Weakly_Supervised_Cloud_Matting_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
PAMTRI: Pose-Aware Multi-Task Learning for Vehicle Re-Identification Using Highly Randomized Synthetic Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Tang_PAMTRI_Pose-Aware_Multi-Task_Learning_for_Vehicle_Re-Identification_Using_Highly_Randomized_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Generative Adversarial Networks for Extreme Learned Image Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Agustsson_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_for_Extreme_Learned_Image_Compression_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Instance-Guided Context Rendering for Cross-Domain Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Instance-Guided_Context_Rendering_for_Cross-Domain_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
What Else Can Fool Deep Learning? Addressing Color Constancy Errors on Deep Neural Network Performance
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Afifi_What_Else_Can_Fool_Deep_Learning_Addressing_Color_Constancy_Errors_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Beyond Cartesian Representations for Local Descriptors
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ebel_Beyond_Cartesian_Representations_for_Local_Descriptors_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Distilling Knowledge From a Deep Pose Regressor Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Saputra_Distilling_Knowledge_From_a_Deep_Pose_Regressor_Network_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Instance-Level Future Motion Estimation in a Single Image Based on Ordinal Regression
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kim_Instance-Level_Future_Motion_Estimation_in_a_Single_Image_Based_on_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Vision-Infused Deep Audio Inpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhou_Vision-Infused_Deep_Audio_Inpainting_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
HAWQ: Hessian AWare Quantization of Neural Networks With Mixed-Precision
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Dong_HAWQ_Hessian_AWare_Quantization_of_Neural_Networks_With_Mixed-Precision_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Evaluating Robustness of Deep Image Super-Resolution Against Adversarial Attacks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Choi_Evaluating_Robustness_of_Deep_Image_Super-Resolution_Against_Adversarial_Attacks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Overcoming Catastrophic Forgetting With Unlabeled Data in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lee_Overcoming_Catastrophic_Forgetting_With_Unlabeled_Data_in_the_Wild_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Symmetric Cross Entropy for Robust Learning With Noisy Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Symmetric_Cross_Entropy_for_Robust_Learning_With_Noisy_Labels_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Learning With Embedded Class Models and Shot-Free Meta Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ravichandran_Few-Shot_Learning_With_Embedded_Class_Models_and_Shot-Free_Meta_Training_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Dual Directed Capsule Network for Very Low Resolution Image Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Singh_Dual_Directed_Capsule_Network_for_Very_Low_Resolution_Image_Recognition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Recognizing Part Attributes With Insufficient Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhao_Recognizing_Part_Attributes_With_Insufficient_Data_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
USIP: Unsupervised Stable Interest Point Detection From 3D Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_USIP_Unsupervised_Stable_Interest_Point_Detection_From_3D_Point_Clouds_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Mixed High-Order Attention Network for Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Mixed_High-Order_Attention_Network_for_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Budget-Aware Adapters for Multi-Domain Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Berriel_Budget-Aware_Adapters_for_Multi-Domain_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Compact Trilinear Interaction for Visual Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Do_Compact_Trilinear_Interaction_for_Visual_Question_Answering_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Towards Latent Attribute Discovery From Triplet Similarities
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Nigam_Towards_Latent_Attribute_Discovery_From_Triplet_Similarities_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
GeoStyle: Discovering Fashion Trends and Events
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Mall_GeoStyle_Discovering_Fashion_Trends_and_Events_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Towards Adversarially Robust Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_Towards_Adversarially_Robust_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Automatic and Robust Skull Registration Based on Discrete Uniformization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhao_Automatic_and_Robust_Skull_Registration_Based_on_Discrete_Uniformization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Image Recognition With Knowledge Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Peng_Few-Shot_Image_Recognition_With_Knowledge_Transfer_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Fine-Grained Action Retrieval Through Multiple Parts-of-Speech Embeddings
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wray_Fine-Grained_Action_Retrieval_Through_Multiple_Parts-of-Speech_Embeddings_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Vehicle Re-Identification in Aerial Imagery: Dataset and Approach
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Vehicle_Re-Identification_in_Aerial_Imagery_Dataset_and_Approach_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Bridging the Domain Gap for Ground-to-Aerial Image Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Regmi_Bridging_the_Domain_Gap_for_Ground-to-Aerial_Image_Matching_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
A Robust Learning Approach to Domain Adaptive Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Khodabandeh_A_Robust_Learning_Approach_to_Domain_Adaptive_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Graph-Based Object Classification for Neuromorphic Vision Sensing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Bi_Graph-Based_Object_Classification_for_Neuromorphic_Vision_Sensing_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Gaussian YOLOv3: An Accurate and Fast Object Detector Using Localization Uncertainty for Autonomous Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Choi_Gaussian_YOLOv3_An_Accurate_and_Fast_Object_Detector_Using_Localization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Sharpen Focus: Learning With Attention Separability and Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Sharpen_Focus_Learning_With_Attention_Separability_and_Consistency_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Semantic-Specific Graph Representation for Multi-Label Image Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Learning_Semantic-Specific_Graph_Representation_for_Multi-Label_Image_Recognition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
DeceptionNet: Network-Driven Domain Randomization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zakharov_DeceptionNet_Network-Driven_Domain_Randomization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Pose-Guided Feature Alignment for Occluded Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Miao_Pose-Guided_Feature_Alignment_for_Occluded_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Robust Person Re-Identification by Modelling Feature Uncertainty
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yu_Robust_Person_Re-Identification_by_Modelling_Feature_Uncertainty_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Co-Segmentation Inspired Attention Networks for Video-Based Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Subramaniam_Co-Segmentation_Inspired_Attention_Networks_for_Video-Based_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
A Delay Metric for Video Object Detection: What Average Precision Fails to Tell
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Mao_A_Delay_Metric_for_Video_Object_Detection_What_Average_Precision_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
IL2M: Class Incremental Learning With Dual Memory
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Belouadah_IL2M_Class_Incremental_Learning_With_Dual_Memory_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Asymmetric Non-Local Neural Networks for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhu_Asymmetric_Non-Local_Neural_Networks_for_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
CCNet: Criss-Cross Attention for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Huang_CCNet_Criss-Cross_Attention_for_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Convex Shape Prior for Multi-Object Segmentation Using a Single Level Set Function
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Luo_Convex_Shape_Prior_for_Multi-Object_Segmentation_Using_a_Single_Level_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Surface Networks via General Covers
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Haim_Surface_Networks_via_General_Covers_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SSAP: Single-Shot Instance Segmentation With Affinity Pyramid
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gao_SSAP_Single-Shot_Instance_Segmentation_With_Affinity_Pyramid_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Propagation for Arbitrarily-Structured Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_Learning_Propagation_for_Arbitrarily-Structured_Data_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
MultiSeg: Semantically Meaningful, Scale-Diverse Segmentations From Minimal User Input
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liew_MultiSeg_Semantically_Meaningful_Scale-Diverse_Segmentations_From_Minimal_User_Input_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Robust Motion Segmentation From Pairwise Matches
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Arrigoni_Robust_Motion_Segmentation_From_Pairwise_Matches_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
InstaBoost: Boosting Instance Segmentation via Probability Map Guided Copy-Pasting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Fang_InstaBoost_Boosting_Instance_Segmentation_via_Probability_Map_Guided_Copy-Pasting_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Racial Faces in the Wild: Reducing Racial Bias by Information Maximization Adaptation Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Racial_Faces_in_the_Wild_Reducing_Racial_Bias_by_Information_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Uncertainty Modeling of Contextual-Connections Between Tracklets for Unconstrained Video-Based Face Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zheng_Uncertainty_Modeling_of_Contextual-Connections_Between_Tracklets_for_Unconstrained_Video-Based_Face_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Spatio-Temporal Fusion Based Convolutional Sequence Learning for Lip Reading
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_Spatio-Temporal_Fusion_Based_Convolutional_Sequence_Learning_for_Lip_Reading_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Occlusion-Aware Networks for 3D Human Pose Estimation in Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Cheng_Occlusion-Aware_Networks_for_3D_Human_Pose_Estimation_in_Video_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Context-Aware Feature and Label Fusion for Facial Action Unit Intensity Estimation With Partially Labeled Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_Context-Aware_Feature_and_Label_Fusion_for_Facial_Action_Unit_Intensity_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Distill Knowledge From NRSfM for Weakly Supervised 3D Pose Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Distill_Knowledge_From_NRSfM_for_Weakly_Supervised_3D_Pose_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
MONET: Multiview Semi-Supervised Keypoint Detection via Epipolar Divergence
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yao_MONET_Multiview_Semi-Supervised_Keypoint_Detection_via_Epipolar_Divergence_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Talking With Hands 16.2M: A Large-Scale Dataset of Synchronized Body-Finger Motion and Audio for Conversational Motion Analysis and Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lee_Talking_With_Hands_16.2M_A_Large-Scale_Dataset_of_Synchronized_Body-Finger_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Occlusion Robust Face Recognition Based on Mask Learning With Pairwise Differential Siamese Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Song_Occlusion_Robust_Face_Recognition_Based_on_Mask_Learning_With_Pairwise_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Teacher Supervises Students How to Learn From Partially Labeled Images for Facial Landmark Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Dong_Teacher_Supervises_Students_How_to_Learn_From_Partially_Labeled_Images_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
A2J: Anchor-to-Joint Regression Network for 3D Articulated Pose Estimation From a Single Depth Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xiong_A2J_Anchor-to-Joint_Regression_Network_for_3D_Articulated_Pose_Estimation_From_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
TexturePose: Supervising Human Mesh Estimation With Texture Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Pavlakos_TexturePose_Supervising_Human_Mesh_Estimation_With_Texture_Consistency_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
FreiHAND: A Dataset for Markerless Capture of Hand Pose and Shape From Single RGB Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zimmermann_FreiHAND_A_Dataset_for_Markerless_Capture_of_Hand_Pose_and_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Markerless Outdoor Human Motion Capture Using Multiple Autonomous Micro Aerial Vehicles
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Saini_Markerless_Outdoor_Human_Motion_Capture_Using_Multiple_Autonomous_Micro_Aerial_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Toyota Smarthome: Real-World Activities of Daily Living
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Das_Toyota_Smarthome_Real-World_Activities_of_Daily_Living_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Relation Parsing Neural Network for Human-Object Interaction Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhou_Relation_Parsing_Neural_Network_for_Human-Object_Interaction_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
DistInit: Learning Video Representations Without a Single Labeled Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Girdhar_DistInit_Learning_Video_Representations_Without_a_Single_Labeled_Video_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Zero-Shot Anticipation for Instructional Activities
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Sener_Zero-Shot_Anticipation_for_Instructional_Activities_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Making the Invisible Visible: Action Recognition Through Walls and Occlusions
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Making_the_Invisible_Visible_Action_Recognition_Through_Walls_and_Occlusions_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Recursive Visual Sound Separation Using Minus-Plus Net
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xu_Recursive_Visual_Sound_Separation_Using_Minus-Plus_Net_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Video Interpolation Using Cycle Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Reda_Unsupervised_Video_Interpolation_Using_Cycle_Consistency_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deformable Surface Tracking by Graph Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Deformable_Surface_Tracking_by_Graph_Matching_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Meta Learning for Real-Time Target-Aware Visual Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Choi_Deep_Meta_Learning_for_Real-Time_Target-Aware_Visual_Tracking_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Looking to Relations for Future Trajectory Forecast
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Choi_Looking_to_Relations_for_Future_Trajectory_Forecast_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Anchor Diffusion for Unsupervised Video Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yang_Anchor_Diffusion_for_Unsupervised_Video_Object_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Tracking Without Bells and Whistles
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Bergmann_Tracking_Without_Bells_and_Whistles_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Perspective-Guided Convolution Networks for Crowd Counting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yan_Perspective-Guided_Convolution_Networks_for_Crowd_Counting_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
End-to-End Wireframe Parsing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhou_End-to-End_Wireframe_Parsing_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Incremental Class Discovery for Semantic Segmentation With RGBD Sensing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Nakajima_Incremental_Class_Discovery_for_Semantic_Segmentation_With_RGBD_Sensing_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SSF-DAN: Separated Semantic Feature Based Domain Adaptation Network for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Du_SSF-DAN_Separated_Semantic_Feature_Based_Domain_Adaptation_Network_for_Semantic_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SpaceNet MVOI: A Multi-View Overhead Imagery Dataset
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Weir_SpaceNet_MVOI_A_Multi-View_Overhead_Imagery_Dataset_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Multi-Level Bottom-Top and Top-Bottom Feature Fusion for Crowd Counting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Sindagi_Multi-Level_Bottom-Top_and_Top-Bottom_Feature_Fusion_for_Crowd_Counting_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Lightweight Lane Detection CNNs by Self Attention Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Hou_Learning_Lightweight_Lane_Detection_CNNs_by_Self_Attention_Distillation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SplitNet: Sim2Sim and Task2Task Transfer for Embodied Visual Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gordon_SplitNet_Sim2Sim_and_Task2Task_Transfer_for_Embodied_Visual_Navigation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Cascaded Parallel Filtering for Memory-Efficient Image-Based Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Cheng_Cascaded_Parallel_Filtering_for_Memory-Efficient_Image-Based_Localization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Pixel2Mesh++: Multi-View 3D Mesh Generation via Deformation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wen_Pixel2Mesh_Multi-View_3D_Mesh_Generation_via_Deformation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
A Differential Volumetric Approach to Multi-View Photometric Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Logothetis_A_Differential_Volumetric_Approach_to_Multi-View_Photometric_Stereo_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Revisiting Radial Distortion Absolute Pose
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Larsson_Revisiting_Radial_Distortion_Absolute_Pose_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Estimating the Fundamental Matrix Without Point Correspondences With Application to Transmission Imaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wurfl_Estimating_the_Fundamental_Matrix_Without_Point_Correspondences_With_Application_to_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
QUARCH: A New Quasi-Affine Reconstruction Stratum From Vague Relative Camera Orientation Knowledge
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Adlakha_QUARCH_A_New_Quasi-Affine_Reconstruction_Stratum_From_Vague_Relative_Camera_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Homography From Two Orientation- and Scale-Covariant Features
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Barath_Homography_From_Two_Orientation-_and_Scale-Covariant_Features_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Hiding Video in Audio via Reversible Generative Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yang_Hiding_Video_in_Audio_via_Reversible_Generative_Models_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
GSLAM: A General SLAM Framework and Benchmark
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhao_GSLAM_A_General_SLAM_Framework_and_Benchmark_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Elaborate Monocular Point and Line SLAM With Robust Initialization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lee_Elaborate_Monocular_Point_and_Line_SLAM_With_Robust_Initialization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Adaptive Density Map Generation for Crowd Counting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wan_Adaptive_Density_Map_Generation_for_Crowd_Counting_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Attention-Aware Polarity Sensitive Embedding for Affective Image Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yao_Attention-Aware_Polarity_Sensitive_Embedding_for_Affective_Image_Retrieval_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Zero-Shot Emotion Recognition via Affective Structural Embedding
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhan_Zero-Shot_Emotion_Recognition_via_Affective_Structural_Embedding_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
FW-GAN: Flow-Navigated Warping GAN for Video Virtual Try-On
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Dong_FW-GAN_Flow-Navigated_Warping_GAN_for_Video_Virtual_Try-On_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Interactive Sketch & Fill: Multiclass Sketch-to-Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ghosh_Interactive_Sketch__Fill_Multiclass_Sketch-to-Image_Translation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Attention-Based Autism Spectrum Disorder Screening With Privileged Modality
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Attention-Based_Autism_Spectrum_Disorder_Screening_With_Privileged_Modality_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Image Aesthetic Assessment Based on Pairwise Comparison  A Unified Approach to Score Regression, Binary Classification, and Personalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lee_Image_Aesthetic_Assessment_Based_on_Pairwise_Comparison__A_Unified_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Delving Into Robust Object Detection From Unmanned Aerial Vehicles: A Deep Nuisance Disentanglement Approach
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wu_Delving_Into_Robust_Object_Detection_From_Unmanned_Aerial_Vehicles_A_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Bit-Flip Attack: Crushing Neural Network With Progressive Bit Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Rakin_Bit-Flip_Attack_Crushing_Neural_Network_With_Progressive_Bit_Search_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Employing Deep Part-Object Relationships for Salient Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_Employing_Deep_Part-Object_Relationships_for_Salient_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Deep Depth Denoising
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Sterzentsenko_Self-Supervised_Deep_Depth_Denoising_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Cost-Aware Fine-Grained Recognition for IoTs Based on Sequential Fixations
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Cost-Aware_Fine-Grained_Recognition_for_IoTs_Based_on_Sequential_Fixations_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Layout-Induced Video Representation for Recognizing Agent-in-Place Actions
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yu_Layout-Induced_Video_Representation_for_Recognizing_Agent-in-Place_Actions_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Anomaly Detection in Video Sequence With Appearance-Motion Correspondence
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Nguyen_Anomaly_Detection_in_Video_Sequence_With_Appearance-Motion_Correspondence_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Exploring Randomly Wired Neural Networks for Image Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xie_Exploring_Randomly_Wired_Neural_Networks_for_Image_Recognition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Progressive Differentiable Architecture Search: Bridging the Depth Gap Between Search and Evaluation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Progressive_Differentiable_Architecture_Search_Bridging_the_Depth_Gap_Between_Search_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Multinomial Distribution Learning for Effective Neural Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zheng_Multinomial_Distribution_Learning_for_Effective_Neural_Architecture_Search_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Searching for MobileNetV3
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Howard_Searching_for_MobileNetV3_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Data-Free Quantization Through Weight Equalization and Bias Correction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Nagel_Data-Free_Quantization_Through_Weight_Equalization_and_Bias_Correction_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
A Camera That CNNs: Towards Embedded Neural Networks on Pixel Processor Arrays
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Bose_A_Camera_That_CNNs_Towards_Embedded_Neural_Networks_on_Pixel_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Knowledge Distillation via Route Constrained Optimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Jin_Knowledge_Distillation_via_Route_Constrained_Optimization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Distillation-Based Training for Multi-Exit Architectures
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Phuong_Distillation-Based_Training_for_Multi-Exit_Architectures_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Similarity-Preserving Knowledge Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Tung_Similarity-Preserving_Knowledge_Distillation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Many Task Learning With Task Routing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Strezoski_Many_Task_Learning_With_Task_Routing_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Stochastic Filter Groups for Multi-Task CNNs: Learning Specialist and Generalist Convolution Kernels
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Bragman_Stochastic_Filter_Groups_for_Multi-Task_CNNs_Learning_Specialist_and_Generalist_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Transferability and Hardness of Supervised Classification Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Tran_Transferability_and_Hardness_of_Supervised_Classification_Tasks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Moment Matching for Multi-Source Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Peng_Moment_Matching_for_Multi-Source_Domain_Adaptation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Domain Adaptation via Regularized Conditional Alignment
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Cicek_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_via_Regularized_Conditional_Alignment_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Larger Norm More Transferable: An Adaptive Feature Norm Approach for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xu_Larger_Norm_More_Transferable_An_Adaptive_Feature_Norm_Approach_for_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
UM-Adapt: Unsupervised Multi-Task Adaptation Using Adversarial Cross-Task Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kundu_UM-Adapt_Unsupervised_Multi-Task_Adaptation_Using_Adversarial_Cross-Task_Distillation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Episodic Training for Domain Generalization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Episodic_Training_for_Domain_Generalization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Domain Adaptation for Structured Output via Discriminative Patch Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Tsai_Domain_Adaptation_for_Structured_Output_via_Discriminative_Patch_Representations_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised Learning by Augmented Distribution Alignment
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Semi-Supervised_Learning_by_Augmented_Distribution_Alignment_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
S4L: Self-Supervised Semi-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhai_S4L_Self-Supervised_Semi-Supervised_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Privacy Preserving Image Queries for Camera Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Speciale_Privacy_Preserving_Image_Queries_for_Camera_Localization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Calibration Wizard: A Guidance System for Camera Calibration Based on Modelling Geometric and Corner Uncertainty
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Peng_Calibration_Wizard_A_Guidance_System_for_Camera_Calibration_Based_on_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Gated2Depth: Real-Time Dense Lidar From Gated Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gruber_Gated2Depth_Real-Time_Dense_Lidar_From_Gated_Images_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
X-Section: Cross-Section Prediction for Enhanced RGB-D Fusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Nicastro_X-Section_Cross-Section_Prediction_for_Enhanced_RGB-D_Fusion_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning an Event Sequence Embedding for Dense Event-Based Deep Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Tulyakov_Learning_an_Event_Sequence_Embedding_for_Dense_Event-Based_Deep_Stereo_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Point-Based Multi-View Stereo Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Point-Based_Multi-View_Stereo_Network_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Discrete Laplace Operator Estimation for Dynamic 3D Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xu_Discrete_Laplace_Operator_Estimation_for_Dynamic_3D_Reconstruction_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Non-Rigid Structure From Motion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kong_Deep_Non-Rigid_Structure_From_Motion_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Equivariant Multi-View Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Esteves_Equivariant_Multi-View_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Interpolated Convolutional Networks for 3D Point Cloud Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Mao_Interpolated_Convolutional_Networks_for_3D_Point_Cloud_Understanding_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Revisiting Point Cloud Classification: A New Benchmark Dataset and Classification Model on Real-World Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Uy_Revisiting_Point_Cloud_Classification_A_New_Benchmark_Dataset_and_Classification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
PointCloud Saliency Maps
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zheng_PointCloud_Saliency_Maps_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
ShellNet: Efficient Point Cloud Convolutional Neural Networks Using Concentric Shells Statistics
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_ShellNet_Efficient_Point_Cloud_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_Using_Concentric_Shells_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Deep Learning for Structured Shape Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Roufosse_Unsupervised_Deep_Learning_for_Structured_Shape_Matching_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Linearly Converging Quasi Branch and Bound Algorithms for Global Rigid Registration
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Dym_Linearly_Converging_Quasi_Branch_and_Bound_Algorithms_for_Global_Rigid_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Consensus Maximization Tree Search Revisited
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Cai_Consensus_Maximization_Tree_Search_Revisited_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Quasi-Globally Optimal and Efficient Vanishing Point Estimation in Manhattan World
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Quasi-Globally_Optimal_and_Efficient_Vanishing_Point_Estimation_in_Manhattan_World_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
An Efficient Solution to the Homography-Based Relative Pose Problem With a Common Reference Direction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ding_An_Efficient_Solution_to_the_Homography-Based_Relative_Pose_Problem_With_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
A Quaternion-Based Certifiably Optimal Solution to the Wahba Problem With Outliers
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yang_A_Quaternion-Based_Certifiably_Optimal_Solution_to_the_Wahba_Problem_With_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
PLMP - Point-Line Minimal Problems in Complete Multi-View Visibility
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Duff_PLMP_-_Point-Line_Minimal_Problems_in_Complete_Multi-View_Visibility_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Variational Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_Variational_Few-Shot_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Generative Adversarial Minority Oversampling
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Mullick_Generative_Adversarial_Minority_Oversampling_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Memorizing Normality to Detect Anomaly: Memory-Augmented Deep Autoencoder for Unsupervised Anomaly Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gong_Memorizing_Normality_to_Detect_Anomaly_Memory-Augmented_Deep_Autoencoder_for_Unsupervised_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Topological Map Extraction From Overhead Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Topological_Map_Extraction_From_Overhead_Images_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Exploiting Temporal Consistency for Real-Time Video Depth Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_Exploiting_Temporal_Consistency_for_Real-Time_Video_Depth_Estimation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
The Sound of Motions
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhao_The_Sound_of_Motions_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SC-FEGAN: Face Editing Generative Adversarial Network With User's Sketch and Color
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Jo_SC-FEGAN_Face_Editing_Generative_Adversarial_Network_With_Users_Sketch_and_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Exploring Overall Contextual Information for Image Captioning in Human-Like Cognitive Style
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ge_Exploring_Overall_Contextual_Information_for_Image_Captioning_in_Human-Like_Cognitive_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Order-Aware Generative Modeling Using the 3D-Craft Dataset
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Order-Aware_Generative_Modeling_Using_the_3D-Craft_Dataset_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Crowd Counting With Deep Structured Scale Integration Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_Crowd_Counting_With_Deep_Structured_Scale_Integration_Network_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Bidirectional One-Shot Unsupervised Domain Mapping
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Cohen_Bidirectional_One-Shot_Unsupervised_Domain_Mapping_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Evolving Space-Time Neural Architectures for Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Piergiovanni_Evolving_Space-Time_Neural_Architectures_for_Videos_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Universally Slimmable Networks and Improved Training Techniques
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yu_Universally_Slimmable_Networks_and_Improved_Training_Techniques_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
AutoDispNet: Improving Disparity Estimation With AutoML
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Saikia_AutoDispNet_Improving_Disparity_Estimation_With_AutoML_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Meta Functionals for Shape Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Littwin_Deep_Meta_Functionals_for_Shape_Representation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Differentiable Kernel Evolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_Differentiable_Kernel_Evolution_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Batch Weight for Domain Adaptation With Mass Shift
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Binkowski_Batch_Weight_for_Domain_Adaptation_With_Mass_Shift_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SRM: A Style-Based Recalibration Module for Convolutional Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lee_SRM_A_Style-Based_Recalibration_Module_for_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Switchable Whitening for Deep Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Pan_Switchable_Whitening_for_Deep_Representation_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Adaptative Inference Cost With Convolutional Neural Mixture Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ruiz_Adaptative_Inference_Cost_With_Convolutional_Neural_Mixture_Models_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
On Network Design Spaces for Visual Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Radosavovic_On_Network_Design_Spaces_for_Visual_Recognition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Improved Techniques for Training Adaptive Deep Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Improved_Techniques_for_Training_Adaptive_Deep_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Resource Constrained Neural Network Architecture Search: Will a Submodularity Assumption Help?
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xiong_Resource_Constrained_Neural_Network_Architecture_Search_Will_a_Submodularity_Assumption_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
ACNet: Strengthening the Kernel Skeletons for Powerful CNN via Asymmetric Convolution Blocks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ding_ACNet_Strengthening_the_Kernel_Skeletons_for_Powerful_CNN_via_Asymmetric_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
A Comprehensive Overhaul of Feature Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Heo_A_Comprehensive_Overhaul_of_Feature_Distillation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Transferable Semi-Supervised 3D Object Detection From RGB-D Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Tang_Transferable_Semi-Supervised_3D_Object_Detection_From_RGB-D_Data_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
DPOD: 6D Pose Object Detector and Refiner
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zakharov_DPOD_6D_Pose_Object_Detector_and_Refiner_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
STD: Sparse-to-Dense 3D Object Detector for Point Cloud
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yang_STD_Sparse-to-Dense_3D_Object_Detector_for_Point_Cloud_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
DUP-Net: Denoiser and Upsampler Network for 3D Adversarial Point Clouds Defense
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhou_DUP-Net_Denoiser_and_Upsampler_Network_for_3D_Adversarial_Point_Clouds_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Rich Features at High-Speed for Single-Shot Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Learning_Rich_Features_at_High-Speed_for_Single-Shot_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Detecting Unseen Visual Relations Using Analogies
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Peyre_Detecting_Unseen_Visual_Relations_Using_Analogies_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Disentangling Monocular 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Simonelli_Disentangling_Monocular_3D_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
STM: SpatioTemporal and Motion Encoding for Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Jiang_STM_SpatioTemporal_and_Motion_Encoding_for_Action_Recognition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Dynamic Context Correspondence Network for Semantic Alignment
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Huang_Dynamic_Context_Correspondence_Network_for_Semantic_Alignment_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Fooling Network Interpretation in Image Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Subramanya_Fooling_Network_Interpretation_in_Image_Classification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Unconstrained Foreground Object Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhao_Unconstrained_Foreground_Object_Search_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Embodied Amodal Recognition: Learning to Move to Perceive Objects
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yang_Embodied_Amodal_Recognition_Learning_to_Move_to_Perceive_Objects_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SpatialSense: An Adversarially Crowdsourced Benchmark for Spatial Relation Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yang_SpatialSense_An_Adversarially_Crowdsourced_Benchmark_for_Spatial_Relation_Recognition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
TensorMask: A Foundation for Dense Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_TensorMask_A_Foundation_for_Dense_Object_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Integral Object Mining via Online Attention Accumulation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Jiang_Integral_Object_Mining_via_Online_Attention_Accumulation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Accelerated Gravitational Point Set Alignment With Altered Physical Laws
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Golyanik_Accelerated_Gravitational_Point_Set_Alignment_With_Altered_Physical_Laws_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Domain Adaptation for Semantic Segmentation With Maximum Squares Loss
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Domain_Adaptation_for_Semantic_Segmentation_With_Maximum_Squares_Loss_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Domain Randomization and Pyramid Consistency: Simulation-to-Real Generalization Without Accessing Target Domain Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yue_Domain_Randomization_and_Pyramid_Consistency_Simulation-to-Real_Generalization_Without_Accessing_Target_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised Skin Detection by Network With Mutual Guidance
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/He_Semi-Supervised_Skin_Detection_by_Network_With_Mutual_Guidance_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
ACE: Adapting to Changing Environments for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wu_ACE_Adapting_to_Changing_Environments_for_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Efficient Segmentation: Learning Downsampling Near Semantic Boundaries
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Marin_Efficient_Segmentation_Learning_Downsampling_Near_Semantic_Boundaries_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Recurrent U-Net for Resource-Constrained Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Recurrent_U-Net_for_Resource-Constrained_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Detecting the Unexpected via Image Resynthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lis_Detecting_the_Unexpected_via_Image_Resynthesis_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Monocular Depth Hints
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Watson_Self-Supervised_Monocular_Depth_Hints_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
3D Scene Reconstruction With Multi-Layer Depth and Epipolar Transformers
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Shin_3D_Scene_Reconstruction_With_Multi-Layer_Depth_and_Epipolar_Transformers_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
How Do Neural Networks See Depth in Single Images?
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/van_Dijk_How_Do_Neural_Networks_See_Depth_in_Single_Images_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
On Boosting Single-Frame 3D Human Pose Estimation via Monocular Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_On_Boosting_Single-Frame_3D_Human_Pose_Estimation_via_Monocular_Videos_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Canonical Surface Mapping via Geometric Cycle Consistency
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kulkarni_Canonical_Surface_Mapping_via_Geometric_Cycle_Consistency_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
GP2C: Geometric Projection Parameter Consensus for Joint 3D Pose and Focal Length Estimation in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Grabner_GP2C_Geometric_Projection_Parameter_Consensus_for_Joint_3D_Pose_and_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Moulding Humans: Non-Parametric 3D Human Shape Estimation From Single Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gabeur_Moulding_Humans_Non-Parametric_3D_Human_Shape_Estimation_From_Single_Images_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
3DPeople: Modeling the Geometry of Dressed Humans
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Pumarola_3DPeople_Modeling_the_Geometry_of_Dressed_Humans_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Reconstruct 3D Human Pose and Shape via Model-Fitting in the Loop
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kolotouros_Learning_to_Reconstruct_3D_Human_Pose_and_Shape_via_Model-Fitting_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Optimizing Network Structure for 3D Human Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ci_Optimizing_Network_Structure_for_3D_Human_Pose_Estimation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Exploiting Spatial-Temporal Relationships for 3D Pose Estimation via Graph Convolutional Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Cai_Exploiting_Spatial-Temporal_Relationships_for_3D_Pose_Estimation_via_Graph_Convolutional_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Resolving 3D Human Pose Ambiguities With 3D Scene Constraints
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Hassan_Resolving_3D_Human_Pose_Ambiguities_With_3D_Scene_Constraints_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Tex2Shape: Detailed Full Human Body Geometry From a Single Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Alldieck_Tex2Shape_Detailed_Full_Human_Body_Geometry_From_a_Single_Image_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
PIFu: Pixel-Aligned Implicit Function for High-Resolution Clothed Human Digitization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Saito_PIFu_Pixel-Aligned_Implicit_Function_for_High-Resolution_Clothed_Human_Digitization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
DF2Net: A Dense-Fine-Finer Network for Detailed 3D Face Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zeng_DF2Net_A_Dense-Fine-Finer_Network_for_Detailed_3D_Face_Reconstruction_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Monocular 3D Human Pose Estimation by Generation and Ordinal Ranking
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Sharma_Monocular_3D_Human_Pose_Estimation_by_Generation_and_Ordinal_Ranking_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Aligning Latent Spaces for 3D Hand Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yang_Aligning_Latent_Spaces_for_3D_Hand_Pose_Estimation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
HEMlets Pose: Learning Part-Centric Heatmap Triplets for Accurate 3D Human Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhou_HEMlets_Pose_Learning_Part-Centric_Heatmap_Triplets_for_Accurate_3D_Human_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
End-to-End Hand Mesh Recovery From a Monocular RGB Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_End-to-End_Hand_Mesh_Recovery_From_a_Monocular_RGB_Image_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Robust Multi-Modality Multi-Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_Robust_Multi-Modality_Multi-Object_Tracking_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
The Trajectron: Probabilistic Multi-Agent Trajectory Modeling With Dynamic Spatiotemporal Graphs
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ivanovic_The_Trajectron_Probabilistic_Multi-Agent_Trajectory_Modeling_With_Dynamic_Spatiotemporal_Graphs_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
'Skimming-Perusal' Tracking: A Framework for Real-Time and Robust Long-Term Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yan_Skimming-Perusal_Tracking_A_Framework_for_Real-Time_and_Robust_Long-Term_Tracking_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
TASED-Net: Temporally-Aggregating Spatial Encoder-Decoder Network for Video Saliency Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Min_TASED-Net_Temporally-Aggregating_Spatial_Encoder-Decoder_Network_for_Video_Saliency_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Attacking Optical Flow
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ranjan_Attacking_Optical_Flow_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Pro-Cam SSfM: Projector-Camera System for Structure and Spectral Reflectance From Motion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Pro-Cam_SSfM_Projector-Camera_System_for_Structure_and_Spectral_Reflectance_From_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Mop Moire Patterns Using MopNet
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/He_Mop_Moire_Patterns_Using_MopNet_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Kernel Modeling Super-Resolution on Real Low-Resolution Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhou_Kernel_Modeling_Super-Resolution_on_Real_Low-Resolution_Images_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Jointly Generate and Separate Reflections
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ma_Learning_to_Jointly_Generate_and_Separate_Reflections_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Multi-Model Fusion for Single-Image Dehazing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Deng_Deep_Multi-Model_Fusion_for_Single-Image_Dehazing_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Learning for Seeing Through Window With Raindrops
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Quan_Deep_Learning_for_Seeing_Through_Window_With_Raindrops_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Mask-ShadowGAN: Learning to Remove Shadows From Unpaired Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Hu_Mask-ShadowGAN_Learning_to_Remove_Shadows_From_Unpaired_Data_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Spatio-Temporal Filter Adaptive Network for Video Deblurring
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhou_Spatio-Temporal_Filter_Adaptive_Network_for_Video_Deblurring_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Deep Priors for Image Dehazing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_Learning_Deep_Priors_for_Image_Dehazing_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
JPEG Artifacts Reduction via Deep Convolutional Sparse Coding
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Fu_JPEG_Artifacts_Reduction_via_Deep_Convolutional_Sparse_Coding_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Self-Guided Network for Fast Image Denoising
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gu_Self-Guided_Network_for_Fast_Image_Denoising_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Non-Local Intrinsic Decomposition With Near-Infrared Priors
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Cheng_Non-Local_Intrinsic_Decomposition_With_Near-Infrared_Priors_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
VideoMem: Constructing, Analyzing, Predicting Short-Term and Long-Term Video Memorability
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Cohendet_VideoMem_Constructing_Analyzing_Predicting_Short-Term_and_Long-Term_Video_Memorability_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Rescan: Inductive Instance Segmentation for Indoor RGBD Scans
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Halber_Rescan_Inductive_Instance_Segmentation_for_Indoor_RGBD_Scans_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
End-to-End CAD Model Retrieval and 9DoF Alignment in 3D Scans
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Avetisyan_End-to-End_CAD_Model_Retrieval_and_9DoF_Alignment_in_3D_Scans_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Making History Matter: History-Advantage Sequence Training for Visual Dialog
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yang_Making_History_Matter_History-Advantage_Sequence_Training_for_Visual_Dialog_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Stochastic Attraction-Repulsion Embedding for Large Scale Image Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_Stochastic_Attraction-Repulsion_Embedding_for_Large_Scale_Image_Localization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Scene Graph Prediction With Limited Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Scene_Graph_Prediction_With_Limited_Labels_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Taking a HINT: Leveraging Explanations to Make Vision and Language Models More Grounded
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Selvaraju_Taking_a_HINT_Leveraging_Explanations_to_Make_Vision_and_Language_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Align2Ground: Weakly Supervised Phrase Grounding Guided by Image-Caption Alignment
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Datta_Align2Ground_Weakly_Supervised_Phrase_Grounding_Guided_by_Image-Caption_Alignment_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Adaptive Reconstruction Network for Weakly Supervised Referring Expression Grounding
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_Adaptive_Reconstruction_Network_for_Weakly_Supervised_Referring_Expression_Grounding_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Hierarchy Parsing for Image Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yao_Hierarchy_Parsing_for_Image_Captioning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
HowTo100M: Learning a Text-Video Embedding by Watching Hundred Million Narrated Video Clips
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Miech_HowTo100M_Learning_a_Text-Video_Embedding_by_Watching_Hundred_Million_Narrated_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Controllable Video Captioning With POS Sequence Guidance Based on Gated Fusion Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Controllable_Video_Captioning_With_POS_Sequence_Guidance_Based_on_Gated_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Multi-View Stereo by Temporal Nonparametric Fusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Hou_Multi-View_Stereo_by_Temporal_Nonparametric_Fusion_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Floor-SP: Inverse CAD for Floorplans by Sequential Room-Wise Shortest Path
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Floor-SP_Inverse_CAD_for_Floorplans_by_Sequential_Room-Wise_Shortest_Path_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Polarimetric Relative Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Cui_Polarimetric_Relative_Pose_Estimation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Closed-Form Optimal Two-View Triangulation Based on Angular Errors
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lee_Closed-Form_Optimal_Two-View_Triangulation_Based_on_Angular_Errors_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Pix2Vox: Context-Aware 3D Reconstruction From Single and Multi-View Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xie_Pix2Vox_Context-Aware_3D_Reconstruction_From_Single_and_Multi-View_Images_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Robust Disentangling of Latent Characteristics for Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Esser_Unsupervised_Robust_Disentangling_of_Latent_Characteristics_for_Image_Synthesis_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SROBB: Targeted Perceptual Loss for Single Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Rad_SROBB_Targeted_Perceptual_Loss_for_Single_Image_Super-Resolution_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
An Internal Learning Approach to Video Inpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_An_Internal_Learning_Approach_to_Video_Inpainting_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep CG2Real: Synthetic-to-Real Translation via Image Disentanglement
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Bi_Deep_CG2Real_Synthetic-to-Real_Translation_via_Image_Disentanglement_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Adversarial Defense via Learning to Generate Diverse Attacks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Jang_Adversarial_Defense_via_Learning_to_Generate_Diverse_Attacks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Image Generation From Small Datasets via Batch Statistics Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Noguchi_Image_Generation_From_Small_Datasets_via_Batch_Statistics_Adaptation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Lifelong GAN: Continual Learning for Conditional Image Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhai_Lifelong_GAN_Continual_Learning_for_Conditional_Image_Generation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Bayesian Relational Memory for Semantic Visual Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wu_Bayesian_Relational_Memory_for_Semantic_Visual_Navigation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Mono-SF: Multi-View Geometry Meets Single-View Depth for Monocular Scene Flow Estimation of Dynamic Traffic Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Brickwedde_Mono-SF_Multi-View_Geometry_Meets_Single-View_Depth_for_Monocular_Scene_Flow_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Prior Guided Dropout for Robust Visual Localization in Dynamic Environments
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Huang_Prior_Guided_Dropout_for_Robust_Visual_Localization_in_Dynamic_Environments_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Drive&Act: A Multi-Modal Dataset for Fine-Grained Driver Behavior Recognition in Autonomous Vehicles
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Martin_DriveAct_A_Multi-Modal_Dataset_for_Fine-Grained_Driver_Behavior_Recognition_in_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Depth Completion From Sparse LiDAR Data With Depth-Normal Constraints
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xu_Depth_Completion_From_Sparse_LiDAR_Data_With_Depth-Normal_Constraints_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
PRECOG: PREdiction Conditioned on Goals in Visual Multi-Agent Settings
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Rhinehart_PRECOG_PREdiction_Conditioned_on_Goals_in_Visual_Multi-Agent_Settings_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
LPD-Net: 3D Point Cloud Learning for Large-Scale Place Recognition and Environment Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_LPD-Net_3D_Point_Cloud_Learning_for_Large-Scale_Place_Recognition_and_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Local Supports Global: Deep Camera Relocalization With Sequence Enhancement
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xue_Local_Supports_Global_Deep_Camera_Relocalization_With_Sequence_Enhancement_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Sequential Adversarial Learning for Self-Supervised Deep Visual Odometry
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Sequential_Adversarial_Learning_for_Self-Supervised_Deep_Visual_Odometry_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
TextPlace: Visual Place Recognition and Topological Localization Through Reading Scene Texts
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Hong_TextPlace_Visual_Place_Recognition_and_Topological_Localization_Through_Reading_Scene_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
CamNet: Coarse-to-Fine Retrieval for Camera Re-Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ding_CamNet_Coarse-to-Fine_Retrieval_for_Camera_Re-Localization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Situational Fusion of Visual Representation for Visual Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Shen_Situational_Fusion_of_Visual_Representation_for_Visual_Navigation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Aberrance Repressed Correlation Filters for Real-Time UAV Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Huang_Learning_Aberrance_Repressed_Correlation_Filters_for_Real-Time_UAV_Tracking_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
6-DOF GraspNet: Variational Grasp Generation for Object Manipulation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Mousavian_6-DOF_GraspNet_Variational_Grasp_Generation_for_Object_Manipulation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
DAGMapper: Learning to Map by Discovering Lane Topology
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Homayounfar_DAGMapper_Learning_to_Map_by_Discovering_Lane_Topology_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
3D-LaneNet: End-to-End 3D Multiple Lane Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Garnett_3D-LaneNet_End-to-End_3D_Multiple_Lane_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Once a MAN: Towards Multi-Target Attack via Learning Multi-Target Adversarial Network Once
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Han_Once_a_MAN_Towards_Multi-Target_Attack_via_Learning_Multi-Target_Adversarial_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Attention Bridging Network for Knowledge Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Attention_Bridging_Network_for_Knowledge_Transfer_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Recover and Identify: A Generative Dual Model for Cross-Resolution Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Recover_and_Identify_A_Generative_Dual_Model_for_Cross-Resolution_Person_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Aggregation via Separation: Boosting Facial Landmark Detector With Semi-Supervised Style Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Qian_Aggregation_via_Separation_Boosting_Facial_Landmark_Detector_With_Semi-Supervised_Style_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
3D-RelNet: Joint Object and Relational Network for 3D Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kulkarni_3D-RelNet_Joint_Object_and_Relational_Network_for_3D_Prediction_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Sampling-Free Epistemic Uncertainty Estimation Using Approximated Variance Propagation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Postels_Sampling-Free_Epistemic_Uncertainty_Estimation_Using_Approximated_Variance_Propagation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Universal Adversarial Perturbation via Prior Driven Uncertainty Approximation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_Universal_Adversarial_Perturbation_via_Prior_Driven_Uncertainty_Approximation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Understanding Deep Networks via Extremal Perturbations and Smooth Masks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Fong_Understanding_Deep_Networks_via_Extremal_Perturbations_and_Smooth_Masks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Pre-Training of Image Features on Non-Curated Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Caron_Unsupervised_Pre-Training_of_Image_Features_on_Non-Curated_Data_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Local Descriptors With a CDF-Based Dynamic Soft Margin
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_Learning_Local_Descriptors_With_a_CDF-Based_Dynamic_Soft_Margin_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Bayes-Factor-VAE: Hierarchical Bayesian Deep Auto-Encoder Models for Factor Disentanglement
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kim_Bayes-Factor-VAE_Hierarchical_Bayesian_Deep_Auto-Encoder_Models_for_Factor_Disentanglement_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Linearized Multi-Sampling for Differentiable Image Transformation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Jiang_Linearized_Multi-Sampling_for_Differentiable_Image_Transformation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
AdaTransform: Adaptive Data Transformation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Tang_AdaTransform_Adaptive_Data_Transformation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
CARAFE: Content-Aware ReAssembly of FEatures
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_CARAFE_Content-Aware_ReAssembly_of_FEatures_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
AFD-Net: Aggregated Feature Difference Learning for Cross-Spectral Image Patch Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Quan_AFD-Net_Aggregated_Feature_Difference_Learning_for_Cross-Spectral_Image_Patch_Matching_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Joint-Semantics Reconstructing Hashing for Large-Scale Unsupervised Cross-Modal Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Su_Deep_Joint-Semantics_Reconstructing_Hashing_for_Large-Scale_Unsupervised_Cross-Modal_Retrieval_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Neural Quantization for Compressed-Domain Similarity Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Morozov_Unsupervised_Neural_Quantization_for_Compressed-Domain_Similarity_Search_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Siamese Networks: The Tale of Two Manifolds
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Roy_Siamese_Networks_The_Tale_of_Two_Manifolds_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Combinatorial Embedding Networks for Deep Graph Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Learning_Combinatorial_Embedding_Networks_for_Deep_Graph_Matching_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Fashion Retrieval via Graph Reasoning Networks on a Similarity Pyramid
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kuang_Fashion_Retrieval_via_Graph_Reasoning_Networks_on_a_Similarity_Pyramid_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Wavelet Domain Style Transfer for an Effective Perception-Distortion Tradeoff in Single Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Deng_Wavelet_Domain_Style_Transfer_for_an_Effective_Perception-Distortion_Tradeoff_in_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Toward Real-World Single Image Super-Resolution: A New Benchmark and a New Model
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Cai_Toward_Real-World_Single_Image_Super-Resolution_A_New_Benchmark_and_a_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
RankSRGAN: Generative Adversarial Networks With Ranker for Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_RankSRGAN_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_With_Ranker_for_Image_Super-Resolution_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Progressive Fusion Video Super-Resolution Network via Exploiting Non-Local Spatio-Temporal Correlations
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yi_Progressive_Fusion_Video_Super-Resolution_Network_via_Exploiting_Non-Local_Spatio-Temporal_Correlations_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep SR-ITM: Joint Learning of Super-Resolution and Inverse Tone-Mapping for 4K UHD HDR Applications
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kim_Deep_SR-ITM_Joint_Learning_of_Super-Resolution_and_Inverse_Tone-Mapping_for_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Dynamic PET Image Reconstruction Using Nonnegative Matrix Factorization Incorporated With Deep Image Prior
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yokota_Dynamic_PET_Image_Reconstruction_Using_Nonnegative_Matrix_Factorization_Incorporated_With_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
DSIC: Deep Stereo Image Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_DSIC_Deep_Stereo_Image_Compression_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Variable Rate Deep Image Compression With a Conditional Autoencoder
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Choi_Variable_Rate_Deep_Image_Compression_With_a_Conditional_Autoencoder_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Real Image Denoising With Feature Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Anwar_Real_Image_Denoising_With_Feature_Attention_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Noise Flow: Noise Modeling With Conditional Normalizing Flows
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Abdelhamed_Noise_Flow_Noise_Modeling_With_Conditional_Normalizing_Flows_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Bottleneck Potentials in Markov Random Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Abbas_Bottleneck_Potentials_in_Markov_Random_Fields_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Seeing Motion in the Dark
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Seeing_Motion_in_the_Dark_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SENSE: A Shared Encoder Network for Scene-Flow Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Jiang_SENSE_A_Shared_Encoder_Network_for_Scene-Flow_Estimation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Adversarial Feedback Loop
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Shama_Adversarial_Feedback_Loop_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Dynamic-Net: Tuning the Objective Without Re-Training for Synthesis Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Shoshan_Dynamic-Net_Tuning_the_Objective_Without_Re-Training_for_Synthesis_Tasks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
AutoGAN: Neural Architecture Search for Generative Adversarial Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gong_AutoGAN_Neural_Architecture_Search_for_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Co-Evolutionary Compression for Unpaired Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Shu_Co-Evolutionary_Compression_for_Unpaired_Image_Translation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Representation Learning From Multi-Domain Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Feng_Self-Supervised_Representation_Learning_From_Multi-Domain_Data_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Controlling Neural Networks via Energy Dissipation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Moeller_Controlling_Neural_Networks_via_Energy_Dissipation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Indices Matter: Learning to Index for Deep Image Matting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lu_Indices_Matter_Learning_to_Index_for_Deep_Image_Matting_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
LAP-Net: Level-Aware Progressive Network for Image Dehazing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_LAP-Net_Level-Aware_Progressive_Network_for_Image_Dehazing_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Attention Augmented Convolutional Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Bello_Attention_Augmented_Convolutional_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
MetaPruning: Meta Learning for Automatic Neural Network Channel Pruning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_MetaPruning_Meta_Learning_for_Automatic_Neural_Network_Channel_Pruning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Accelerate CNN via Recursive Bayesian Pruning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhou_Accelerate_CNN_via_Recursive_Bayesian_Pruning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
HBONet: Harmonious Bottleneck on Two Orthogonal Dimensions
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_HBONet_Harmonious_Bottleneck_on_Two_Orthogonal_Dimensions_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
O2U-Net: A Simple Noisy Label Detection Approach for Deep Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Huang_O2U-Net_A_Simple_Noisy_Label_Detection_Approach_for_Deep_Neural_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Continual Learning by Asymmetric Loss Approximation With Single-Side Overestimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Park_Continual_Learning_by_Asymmetric_Loss_Approximation_With_Single-Side_Overestimation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Label-PEnet: Sequential Label Propagation and Enhancement Networks for Weakly Supervised Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ge_Label-PEnet_Sequential_Label_Propagation_and_Enhancement_Networks_for_Weakly_Supervised_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
LIP: Local Importance-Based Pooling
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gao_LIP_Local_Importance-Based_Pooling_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Global Feature Guided Local Pooling
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kobayashi_Global_Feature_Guided_Local_Pooling_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Conditional Coupled Generative Adversarial Networks for Zero-Shot Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Conditional_Coupled_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_for_Zero-Shot_Domain_Adaptation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Adversarial Defense by Restricting the Hidden Space of Deep Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Mustafa_Adversarial_Defense_by_Restricting_the_Hidden_Space_of_Deep_Neural_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Hyperpixel Flow: Semantic Correspondence With Multi-Layer Neural Features
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Min_Hyperpixel_Flow_Semantic_Correspondence_With_Multi-Layer_Neural_Features_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Information Entropy Based Feature Pooling for Convolutional Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wan_Information_Entropy_Based_Feature_Pooling_for_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Patchwork: A Patch-Wise Attention Network for Efficient Object Detection and Segmentation in Video Streams
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chai_Patchwork_A_Patch-Wise_Attention_Network_for_Efficient_Object_Detection_and_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
AttentionRNN: A Structured Spatial Attention Mechanism
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Khandelwal_AttentionRNN_A_Structured_Spatial_Attention_Mechanism_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Drop an Octave: Reducing Spatial Redundancy in Convolutional Neural Networks With Octave Convolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Drop_an_Octave_Reducing_Spatial_Redundancy_in_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Domain Intersection and Domain Difference
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Benaim_Domain_Intersection_and_Domain_Difference_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learned Video Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Rippel_Learned_Video_Compression_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Local Relation Networks for Image Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Hu_Local_Relation_Networks_for_Image_Recognition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
DiscoNet: Shapes Learning on Disconnected Manifolds for 3D Editing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Mehr_DiscoNet_Shapes_Learning_on_Disconnected_Manifolds_for_3D_Editing_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Residual Learning in the JPEG Transform Domain
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ehrlich_Deep_Residual_Learning_in_the_JPEG_Transform_Domain_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Approximated Bilinear Modules for Temporal Modeling
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhu_Approximated_Bilinear_Modules_for_Temporal_Modeling_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Customizing Student Networks From Heterogeneous Teachers via Adaptive Knowledge Amalgamation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Shen_Customizing_Student_Networks_From_Heterogeneous_Teachers_via_Adaptive_Knowledge_Amalgamation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Data-Free Learning of Student Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Data-Free_Learning_of_Student_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Closest Point: Learning Representations for Point Cloud Registration
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Deep_Closest_Point_Learning_Representations_for_Point_Cloud_Registration_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Orientation-Aware Semantic Segmentation on Icosahedron Spheres
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_Orientation-Aware_Semantic_Segmentation_on_Icosahedron_Spheres_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Differentiable Learning-to-Group Channels via Groupable Convolutional Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_Differentiable_Learning-to-Group_Channels_via_Groupable_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
HarDNet: A Low Memory Traffic Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chao_HarDNet_A_Low_Memory_Traffic_Network_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Dynamic Multi-Scale Filters for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/He_Dynamic_Multi-Scale_Filters_for_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Online Model Distillation for Efficient Video Inference
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Mullapudi_Online_Model_Distillation_for_Efficient_Video_Inference_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Rethinking Zero-Shot Learning: A Conditional Visual Classification Perspective
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Rethinking_Zero-Shot_Learning_A_Conditional_Visual_Classification_Perspective_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Task-Driven Modular Networks for Zero-Shot Compositional Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Purushwalkam_Task-Driven_Modular_Networks_for_Zero-Shot_Compositional_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Transductive Episodic-Wise Adaptive Metric for Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Qiao_Transductive_Episodic-Wise_Adaptive_Metric_for_Few-Shot_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Multiple-Attribute-Perceived Network for Real-World Texture Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhai_Deep_Multiple-Attribute-Perceived_Network_for_Real-World_Texture_Recognition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
RGB-Infrared Cross-Modality Person Re-Identification via Joint Pixel and Feature Alignment
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_RGB-Infrared_Cross-Modality_Person_Re-Identification_via_Joint_Pixel_and_Feature_Alignment_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
EvalNorm: Estimating Batch Normalization Statistics for Evaluation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Singh_EvalNorm_Estimating_Batch_Normalization_Statistics_for_Evaluation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Beyond Human Parts: Dual Part-Aligned Representations for Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Guo_Beyond_Human_Parts_Dual_Part-Aligned_Representations_for_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Person Search by Text Attribute Query As Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Dong_Person_Search_by_Text_Attribute_Query_As_Zero-Shot_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Semantic-Aware Knowledge Preservation for Zero-Shot Sketch-Based Image Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_Semantic-Aware_Knowledge_Preservation_for_Zero-Shot_Sketch-Based_Image_Retrieval_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Active Learning for Deep Detection Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Aghdam_Active_Learning_for_Deep_Detection_Neural_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
One-Shot Neural Architecture Search via Self-Evaluated Template Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Dong_One-Shot_Neural_Architecture_Search_via_Self-Evaluated_Template_Network_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Batch DropBlock Network for Person Re-Identification and Beyond
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Dai_Batch_DropBlock_Network_for_Person_Re-Identification_and_Beyond_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Omni-Scale Feature Learning for Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhou_Omni-Scale_Feature_Learning_for_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Be Your Own Teacher: Improve the Performance of Convolutional Neural Networks via Self Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_Be_Your_Own_Teacher_Improve_the_Performance_of_Convolutional_Neural_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Diversity With Cooperation: Ensemble Methods for Few-Shot Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Dvornik_Diversity_With_Cooperation_Ensemble_Methods_for_Few-Shot_Classification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Enhancing 2D Representation via Adjacent Views for 3D Shape Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xu_Enhancing_2D_Representation_via_Adjacent_Views_for_3D_Shape_Retrieval_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Adversarial Fine-Grained Composition Learning for Unseen Attribute-Object Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wei_Adversarial_Fine-Grained_Composition_Learning_for_Unseen_Attribute-Object_Recognition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Auto-ReID: Searching for a Part-Aware ConvNet for Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Quan_Auto-ReID_Searching_for_a_Part-Aware_ConvNet_for_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Second-Order Non-Local Attention Networks for Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xia_Second-Order_Non-Local_Attention_Networks_for_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Fast Computation of Content-Sensitive Superpixels and Supervoxels Using Q-Distances
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ye_Fast_Computation_of_Content-Sensitive_Superpixels_and_Supervoxels_Using_Q-Distances_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Progressive-X: Efficient, Anytime, Multi-Model Fitting Algorithm
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Barath_Progressive-X_Efficient_Anytime_Multi-Model_Fitting_Algorithm_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Structured Modeling of Joint Deep Feature and Prediction Refinement for Salient Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xu_Structured_Modeling_of_Joint_Deep_Feature_and_Prediction_Refinement_for_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Selectivity or Invariance: Boundary-Aware Salient Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Su_Selectivity_or_Invariance_Boundary-Aware_Salient_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Online Unsupervised Learning of the 3D Kinematic Structure of Arbitrary Rigid Bodies
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Nunes_Online_Unsupervised_Learning_of_the_3D_Kinematic_Structure_of_Arbitrary_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Generalization for Single-Image 3D Reconstruction via Priors
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wallace_Few-Shot_Generalization_for_Single-Image_3D_Reconstruction_via_Priors_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Digging Into Self-Supervised Monocular Depth Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Godard_Digging_Into_Self-Supervised_Monocular_Depth_Estimation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Object-Specific Distance From a Monocular Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhu_Learning_Object-Specific_Distance_From_a_Monocular_Image_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised 3D Reconstruction Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Cha_Unsupervised_3D_Reconstruction_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
3D Point Cloud Generative Adversarial Network Based on Tree Structured Graph Convolutions
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Shu_3D_Point_Cloud_Generative_Adversarial_Network_Based_on_Tree_Structured_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Visualization of Convolutional Neural Networks for Monocular Depth Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Hu_Visualization_of_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_for_Monocular_Depth_Estimation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Co-Separating Sounds of Visual Objects
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gao_Co-Separating_Sounds_of_Visual_Objects_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
BMN: Boundary-Matching Network for Temporal Action Proposal Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lin_BMN_Boundary-Matching_Network_for_Temporal_Action_Proposal_Generation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Temporal Action Localization Through Contrast Based Evaluation Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_Weakly_Supervised_Temporal_Action_Localization_Through_Contrast_Based_Evaluation_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Progressive Sparse Local Attention for Video Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Guo_Progressive_Sparse_Local_Attention_for_Video_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Reasoning About Human-Object Interactions Through Dual Attention Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xiao_Reasoning_About_Human-Object_Interactions_Through_Dual_Attention_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
DMM-Net: Differentiable Mask-Matching Network for Video Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zeng_DMM-Net_Differentiable_Mask-Matching_Network_for_Video_Object_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Asymmetric Cross-Guided Attention Network for Actor and Action Video Segmentation From Natural Language Query
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Asymmetric_Cross-Guided_Attention_Network_for_Actor_and_Action_Video_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
AGSS-VOS: Attention Guided Single-Shot Video Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lin_AGSS-VOS_Attention_Guided_Single-Shot_Video_Object_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Global-Local Temporal Representations for Video Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Global-Local_Temporal_Representations_for_Video_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
AdvIT: Adversarial Frames Identifier Based on Temporal Consistency in Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xiao_AdvIT_Adversarial_Frames_Identifier_Based_on_Temporal_Consistency_in_Videos_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
RANet: Ranking Attention Network for Fast Video Object Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_RANet_Ranking_Attention_Network_for_Fast_Video_Object_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Spatial-Temporal Relation Networks for Multi-Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xu_Spatial-Temporal_Relation_Networks_for_Multi-Object_Tracking_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Bridging the Gap Between Detection and Tracking: A Unified Approach
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Huang_Bridging_the_Gap_Between_Detection_and_Tracking_A_Unified_Approach_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning the Model Update for Siamese Trackers
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_Learning_the_Model_Update_for_Siamese_Trackers_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Fast-deepKCF Without Boundary Effect
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zheng_Fast-deepKCF_Without_Boundary_Effect_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Program-Guided Image Manipulators
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Mao_Program-Guided_Image_Manipulators_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Calibration of Axial Fisheye Cameras Through Generic Virtual Central Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Brousseau_Calibration_of_Axial_Fisheye_Cameras_Through_Generic_Virtual_Central_Models_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Micro-Baseline Structured Light
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Saragadam_Micro-Baseline_Structured_Light_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
l-Net: Reconstruct Hyperspectral Images From a Snapshot Measurement
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Miao_l-Net_Reconstruct_Hyperspectral_Images_From_a_Snapshot_Measurement_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Depth From Aberration Map
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kashiwagi_Deep_Depth_From_Aberration_Map_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
A Dataset of Multi-Illumination Images in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Murmann_A_Dataset_of_Multi-Illumination_Images_in_the_Wild_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Monocular Neural Image Based Rendering With Continuous View Control
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Monocular_Neural_Image_Based_Rendering_With_Continuous_View_Control_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Multi-View Image Fusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Trinidad_Multi-View_Image_Fusion_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Enhancing Low Light Videos by Exploring High Sensitivity Camera Noise
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Enhancing_Low_Light_Videos_by_Exploring_High_Sensitivity_Camera_Noise_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Restoration of Vintage Photographs From Scanned Halftone Prints
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gao_Deep_Restoration_of_Vintage_Photographs_From_Scanned_Halftone_Prints_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Context-Aware Image Matting for Simultaneous Foreground and Alpha Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Hou_Context-Aware_Image_Matting_for_Simultaneous_Foreground_and_Alpha_Estimation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
CFSNet: Toward a Controllable Feature Space for Image Restoration
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_CFSNet_Toward_a_Controllable_Feature_Space_for_Image_Restoration_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Blind Hyperspectral Image Fusion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Deep_Blind_Hyperspectral_Image_Fusion_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Fully Convolutional Pixel Adaptive Image Denoiser
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Cha_Fully_Convolutional_Pixel_Adaptive_Image_Denoiser_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Coherent Semantic Attention for Image Inpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_Coherent_Semantic_Attention_for_Image_Inpainting_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Embedded Block Residual Network: A Recursive Restoration Model for Single-Image Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Qiu_Embedded_Block_Residual_Network_A_Recursive_Restoration_Model_for_Single-Image_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Fast Image Restoration With Multi-Bin Trainable Linear Units
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gu_Fast_Image_Restoration_With_Multi-Bin_Trainable_Linear_Units_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Counting With Focus for Free
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Shi_Counting_With_Focus_for_Free_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SynDeMo: Synergistic Deep Feature Alignment for Joint Learning of Depth and Ego-Motion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Bozorgtabar_SynDeMo_Synergistic_Deep_Feature_Alignment_for_Joint_Learning_of_Depth_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Diverse Image Synthesis From Semantic Layouts via Conditional IMLE
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Diverse_Image_Synthesis_From_Semantic_Layouts_via_Conditional_IMLE_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Towards Bridging Semantic Gap to Improve Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Pang_Towards_Bridging_Semantic_Gap_to_Improve_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Generating Diverse and Descriptive Image Captions Using Visual Paraphrases
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_Generating_Diverse_and_Descriptive_Image_Captions_Using_Visual_Paraphrases_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Collocate Neural Modules for Image Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yang_Learning_to_Collocate_Neural_Modules_for_Image_Captioning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Sequential Latent Spaces for Modeling the Intention During Diverse Image Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Aneja_Sequential_Latent_Spaces_for_Modeling_the_Intention_During_Diverse_Image_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Why Does a Visual Question Have Different Answers?
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Bhattacharya_Why_Does_a_Visual_Question_Have_Different_Answers_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
G3raphGround: Graph-Based Language Grounding
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Bajaj_G3raphGround_Graph-Based_Language_Grounding_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Scene Text Visual Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Biten_Scene_Text_Visual_Question_Answering_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Collaborative Learning of Keyframe Detection and Visual Odometry Towards Monocular Deep SLAM
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Sheng_Unsupervised_Collaborative_Learning_of_Keyframe_Detection_and_Visual_Odometry_Towards_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
MVSCRF: Learning Multi-View Stereo With Conditional Random Fields
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xue_MVSCRF_Learning_Multi-View_Stereo_With_Conditional_Random_Fields_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Neural-Guided RANSAC: Learning Where to Sample Model Hypotheses
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Brachmann_Neural-Guided_RANSAC_Learning_Where_to_Sample_Model_Hypotheses_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Efficient Learning on Point Clouds With Basis Point Sets
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Prokudin_Efficient_Learning_on_Point_Clouds_With_Basis_Point_Sets_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Cross View Fusion for 3D Human Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Qiu_Cross_View_Fusion_for_3D_Human_Pose_Estimation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Shape-Aware Human Pose and Shape Reconstruction Using Multi-View Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liang_Shape-Aware_Human_Pose_and_Shape_Reconstruction_Using_Multi-View_Images_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Monocular Piecewise Depth Estimation in Dynamic Scenes by Exploiting Superpixel Relations
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Di_Monocular_Piecewise_Depth_Estimation_in_Dynamic_Scenes_by_Exploiting_Superpixel_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Is This the Right Place? Geometric-Semantic Pose Verification for Indoor Visual Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Taira_Is_This_the_Right_Place_Geometric-Semantic_Pose_Verification_for_Indoor_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
DeepPruner: Learning Efficient Stereo Matching via Differentiable PatchMatch
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Duggal_DeepPruner_Learning_Efficient_Stereo_Matching_via_Differentiable_PatchMatch_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Convolutional Sequence Generation for Skeleton-Based Action Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yan_Convolutional_Sequence_Generation_for_Skeleton-Based_Action_Synthesis_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Onion-Peel Networks for Deep Video Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Oh_Onion-Peel_Networks_for_Deep_Video_Completion_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Copy-and-Paste Networks for Deep Video Inpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lee_Copy-and-Paste_Networks_for_Deep_Video_Inpainting_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Content and Style Disentanglement for Artistic Style Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kotovenko_Content_and_Style_Disentanglement_for_Artistic_Style_Transfer_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Compositional Video Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ye_Compositional_Video_Prediction_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Feature Weighting and Boosting for Few-Shot Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Nguyen_Feature_Weighting_and_Boosting_for_Few-Shot_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Image2StyleGAN: How to Embed Images Into the StyleGAN Latent Space?
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Abdal_Image2StyleGAN_How_to_Embed_Images_Into_the_StyleGAN_Latent_Space_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Controllable Artistic Text Style Transfer via Shape-Matching GAN
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yang_Controllable_Artistic_Text_Style_Transfer_via_Shape-Matching_GAN_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Understanding Generalized Whitening and Coloring Transform for Universal Style Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chiu_Understanding_Generalized_Whitening_and_Coloring_Transform_for_Universal_Style_Transfer_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Implicit Generative Models by Matching Perceptual Features
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/dos_Santos_Learning_Implicit_Generative_Models_by_Matching_Perceptual_Features_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Free-Form Image Inpainting With Gated Convolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yu_Free-Form_Image_Inpainting_With_Gated_Convolution_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
FiNet: Compatible and Diverse Fashion Image Inpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Han_FiNet_Compatible_and_Diverse_Fashion_Image_Inpainting_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
InGAN: Capturing and Retargeting the "DNA" of a Natural Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Shocher_InGAN_Capturing_and_Retargeting_the_DNA_of_a_Natural_Image_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Seeing What a GAN Cannot Generate
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Bau_Seeing_What_a_GAN_Cannot_Generate_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
COCO-GAN: Generation by Parts via Conditional Coordinating
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lin_COCO-GAN_Generation_by_Parts_via_Conditional_Coordinating_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Neural Turtle Graphics for Modeling City Road Layouts
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chu_Neural_Turtle_Graphics_for_Modeling_City_Road_Layouts_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Texture Fields: Learning Texture Representations in Function Space
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Oechsle_Texture_Fields_Learning_Texture_Representations_in_Function_Space_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
PointFlow: 3D Point Cloud Generation With Continuous Normalizing Flows
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yang_PointFlow_3D_Point_Cloud_Generation_With_Continuous_Normalizing_Flows_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Meta-Sim: Learning to Generate Synthetic Datasets
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kar_Meta-Sim_Learning_to_Generate_Synthetic_Datasets_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Specifying Object Attributes and Relations in Interactive Scene Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ashual_Specifying_Object_Attributes_and_Relations_in_Interactive_Scene_Generation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SinGAN: Learning a Generative Model From a Single Natural Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Shaham_SinGAN_Learning_a_Generative_Model_From_a_Single_Natural_Image_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
VaTeX: A Large-Scale, High-Quality Multilingual Dataset for Video-and-Language Research
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_VaTeX_A_Large-Scale_High-Quality_Multilingual_Dataset_for_Video-and-Language_Research_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
A Graph-Based Framework to Bridge Movies and Synopses
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xiong_A_Graph-Based_Framework_to_Bridge_Movies_and_Synopses_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
From Strings to Things: Knowledge-Enabled VQA Model That Can Read and Reason
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Singh_From_Strings_to_Things_Knowledge-Enabled_VQA_Model_That_Can_Read_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Counterfactual Critic Multi-Agent Training for Scene Graph Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Counterfactual_Critic_Multi-Agent_Training_for_Scene_Graph_Generation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Robust Change Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Park_Robust_Change_Captioning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Attention on Attention for Image Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Huang_Attention_on_Attention_for_Image_Captioning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Dynamic Graph Attention for Referring Expression Comprehension
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yang_Dynamic_Graph_Attention_for_Referring_Expression_Comprehension_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Visual Semantic Reasoning for Image-Text Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Visual_Semantic_Reasoning_for_Image-Text_Matching_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Phrase Localization Without Paired Training Examples
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Phrase_Localization_Without_Paired_Training_Examples_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Assemble Neural Module Tree Networks for Visual Grounding
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_Learning_to_Assemble_Neural_Module_Tree_Networks_for_Visual_Grounding_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
A Fast and Accurate One-Stage Approach to Visual Grounding
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yang_A_Fast_and_Accurate_One-Stage_Approach_to_Visual_Grounding_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Zero-Shot Grounding of Objects From Natural Language Queries
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Sadhu_Zero-Shot_Grounding_of_Objects_From_Natural_Language_Queries_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Towards Unconstrained End-to-End Text Spotting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Qin_Towards_Unconstrained_End-to-End_Text_Spotting_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
What Is Wrong With Scene Text Recognition Model Comparisons? Dataset and Model Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Baek_What_Is_Wrong_With_Scene_Text_Recognition_Model_Comparisons_Dataset_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Sparse and Imperceivable Adversarial Attacks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Croce_Sparse_and_Imperceivable_Adversarial_Attacks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Enhancing Adversarial Example Transferability With an Intermediate Level Attack
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Huang_Enhancing_Adversarial_Example_Transferability_With_an_Intermediate_Level_Attack_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Implicit Surface Representations As Layers in Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Michalkiewicz_Implicit_Surface_Representations_As_Layers_in_Neural_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
A Tour of Convolutional Networks Guided by Linear Interpreters
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Michelini_A_Tour_of_Convolutional_Networks_Guided_by_Linear_Interpreters_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Small Steps and Giant Leaps: Minimal Newton Solvers for Deep Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Henriques_Small_Steps_and_Giant_Leaps_Minimal_Newton_Solvers_for_Deep_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Semantic Adversarial Attacks: Parametric Transformations That Fool Deep Classifiers
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Joshi_Semantic_Adversarial_Attacks_Parametric_Transformations_That_Fool_Deep_Classifiers_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Hilbert-Based Generative Defense for Adversarial Examples
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Bai_Hilbert-Based_Generative_Defense_for_Adversarial_Examples_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
On the Efficacy of Knowledge Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Cho_On_the_Efficacy_of_Knowledge_Distillation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Sym-Parameterized Dynamic Inference for Mixed-Domain Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chang_Sym-Parameterized_Dynamic_Inference_for_Mixed-Domain_Image_Translation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Better and Faster: Exponential Loss for Image Patch Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Better_and_Faster_Exponential_Loss_for_Image_Patch_Matching_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Physical Adversarial Textures That Fool Visual Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wiyatno_Physical_Adversarial_Textures_That_Fool_Visual_Object_Tracking_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Wasserstein GAN With Quadratic Transport Cost
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_Wasserstein_GAN_With_Quadratic_Transport_Cost_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Scalable Verified Training for Provably Robust Image Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gowal_Scalable_Verified_Training_for_Provably_Robust_Image_Classification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Differentiable Soft Quantization: Bridging Full-Precision and Low-Bit Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gong_Differentiable_Soft_Quantization_Bridging_Full-Precision_and_Low-Bit_Neural_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
The LogBarrier Adversarial Attack: Making Effective Use of Decision Boundary Information
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Finlay_The_LogBarrier_Adversarial_Attack_Making_Effective_Use_of_Decision_Boundary_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Proximal Mean-Field for Neural Network Quantization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ajanthan_Proximal_Mean-Field_for_Neural_Network_Quantization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Improving Adversarial Robustness via Guided Complement Entropy
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Improving_Adversarial_Robustness_via_Guided_Complement_Entropy_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
A Geometry-Inspired Decision-Based Attack
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_A_Geometry-Inspired_Decision-Based_Attack_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Universal Perturbation Attack Against Image Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Universal_Perturbation_Attack_Against_Image_Retrieval_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Bayesian Optimized 1-Bit CNNs
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gu_Bayesian_Optimized_1-Bit_CNNs_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Rethinking ImageNet Pre-Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/He_Rethinking_ImageNet_Pre-Training_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Defending Against Universal Perturbations With Shared Adversarial Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Mummadi_Defending_Against_Universal_Perturbations_With_Shared_Adversarial_Training_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Adaptive Activation Thresholding: Dynamic Routing Type Behavior for Interpretability in Convolutional Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Sun_Adaptive_Activation_Thresholding_Dynamic_Routing_Type_Behavior_for_Interpretability_in_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
XRAI: Better Attributions Through Regions
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kapishnikov_XRAI_Better_Attributions_Through_Regions_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Guessing Smart: Biased Sampling for Efficient Black-Box Adversarial Attacks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Brunner_Guessing_Smart_Biased_Sampling_for_Efficient_Black-Box_Adversarial_Attacks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Mask-Guided Attention Network for Occluded Pedestrian Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Pang_Mask-Guided_Attention_Network_for_Occluded_Pedestrian_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Spectral Feature Transformation for Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Luo_Spectral_Feature_Transformation_for_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Permutation-Invariant Feature Restructuring for Correlation-Aware Image Set-Based Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_Permutation-Invariant_Feature_Restructuring_for_Correlation-Aware_Image_Set-Based_Recognition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Improving Pedestrian Attribute Recognition With Weakly-Supervised Multi-Scale Attribute-Specific Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Tang_Improving_Pedestrian_Attribute_Recognition_With_Weakly-Supervised_Multi-Scale_Attribute-Specific_Localization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Correlation Congruence for Knowledge Distillation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Peng_Correlation_Congruence_for_Knowledge_Distillation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Dynamic Curriculum Learning for Imbalanced Data Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Dynamic_Curriculum_Learning_for_Imbalanced_Data_Classification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Video Face Clustering With Unknown Number of Clusters
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Tapaswi_Video_Face_Clustering_With_Unknown_Number_of_Clusters_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Targeted Mismatch Adversarial Attack: Query With a Flower to Retrieve the Tower
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Tolias_Targeted_Mismatch_Adversarial_Attack_Query_With_a_Flower_to_Retrieve_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Fashion++: Minimal Edits for Outfit Improvement
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Hsiao_Fashion_Minimal_Edits_for_Outfit_Improvement_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised Pedestrian Instance Synthesis and Detection With Mutual Reinforcement
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wu_Semi-Supervised_Pedestrian_Instance_Synthesis_and_Detection_With_Mutual_Reinforcement_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SILCO: Show a Few Images, Localize the Common Object
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Hu_SILCO_Show_a_Few_Images_Localize_the_Common_Object_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
A Deep Step Pattern Representation for Multimodal Retinal Image Registration
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lee_A_Deep_Step_Pattern_Representation_for_Multimodal_Retinal_Image_Registration_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Graphical Feature Learning for the Feature Matching Problem
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_Deep_Graphical_Feature_Learning_for_the_Feature_Matching_Problem_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Minimum Delay Object Detection From Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lao_Minimum_Delay_Object_Detection_From_Video_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning With Average Precision: Training Image Retrieval With a Listwise Loss
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Revaud_Learning_With_Average_Precision_Training_Image_Retrieval_With_a_Listwise_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Find Common Objects Across Few Image Collections
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Shaban_Learning_to_Find_Common_Objects_Across_Few_Image_Collections_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Weakly Aligned Cross-Modal Learning for Multispectral Pedestrian Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_Weakly_Aligned_Cross-Modal_Learning_for_Multispectral_Pedestrian_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Self-Learning From Noisy Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Han_Deep_Self-Learning_From_Noisy_Labels_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
DSConv: Efficient Convolution Operator
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/do_Nascimento_DSConv_Efficient_Convolution_Operator_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Explicit Shape Encoding for Real-Time Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xu_Explicit_Shape_Encoding_for_Real-Time_Instance_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
IMP: Instance Mask Projection for High Accuracy Semantic Segmentation of Things
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Fu_IMP_Instance_Mask_Projection_for_High_Accuracy_Semantic_Segmentation_of_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Video Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yang_Video_Instance_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Difference Detection for Weakly-Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Shimoda_Self-Supervised_Difference_Detection_for_Weakly-Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SPGNet: Semantic Prediction Guidance for Scene Parsing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Cheng_SPGNet_Semantic_Prediction_Guidance_for_Scene_Parsing_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Gated-SCNN: Gated Shape CNNs for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Takikawa_Gated-SCNN_Gated_Shape_CNNs_for_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
DensePoint: Learning Densely Contextual Representation for Efficient Point Cloud Processing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_DensePoint_Learning_Densely_Contextual_Representation_for_Efficient_Point_Cloud_Processing_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
AMP: Adaptive Masked Proxies for Few-Shot Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Siam_AMP_Adaptive_Masked_Proxies_for_Few-Shot_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Universal Semi-Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kalluri_Universal_Semi-Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Accelerate Learning of Deep Hashing With Gradient Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Huang_Accelerate_Learning_of_Deep_Hashing_With_Gradient_Attention_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SVD: A Large-Scale Short Video Dataset for Near-Duplicate Video Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Jiang_SVD_A_Large-Scale_Short_Video_Dataset_for_Near-Duplicate_Video_Retrieval_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Block Annotation: Better Image Annotation With Sub-Image Decomposition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lin_Block_Annotation_Better_Image_Annotation_With_Sub-Image_Decomposition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Probabilistic Deep Ordinal Regression Based on Gaussian Processes
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_Probabilistic_Deep_Ordinal_Regression_Based_on_Gaussian_Processes_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Balanced Datasets Are Not Enough: Estimating and Mitigating Gender Bias in Deep Image Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Balanced_Datasets_Are_Not_Enough_Estimating_and_Mitigating_Gender_Bias_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Teacher Guided Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Bashivan_Teacher_Guided_Architecture_Search_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
FACSIMILE: Fast and Accurate Scans From an Image in Less Than a Second
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Smith_FACSIMILE_Fast_and_Accurate_Scans_From_an_Image_in_Less_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Delving Deep Into Hybrid Annotations for 3D Human Recovery in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Rong_Delving_Deep_Into_Hybrid_Annotations_for_3D_Human_Recovery_in_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Human Mesh Recovery From Monocular Images via a Skeleton-Disentangled Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Sun_Human_Mesh_Recovery_From_Monocular_Images_via_a_Skeleton-Disentangled_Representation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Three-D Safari: Learning to Estimate Zebra Pose, Shape, and Texture From Images "In the Wild"
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zuffi_Three-D_Safari_Learning_to_Estimate_Zebra_Pose_Shape_and_Texture_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Object-Driven Multi-Layer Scene Decomposition From a Single Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Dhamo_Object-Driven_Multi-Layer_Scene_Decomposition_From_a_Single_Image_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Occupancy Flow: 4D Reconstruction by Learning Particle Dynamics
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Niemeyer_Occupancy_Flow_4D_Reconstruction_by_Learning_Particle_Dynamics_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Joint Monocular 3D Vehicle Detection and Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Hu_Joint_Monocular_3D_Vehicle_Detection_and_Tracking_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Fingerspelling Recognition in the Wild With Iterative Visual Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Shi_Fingerspelling_Recognition_in_the_Wild_With_Iterative_Visual_Attention_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
PointAE: Point Auto-Encoder for 3D Statistical Shape and Texture Modelling
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Dai_PointAE_Point_Auto-Encoder_for_3D_Statistical_Shape_and_Texture_Modelling_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Multi-Garment Net: Learning to Dress 3D People From Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Bhatnagar_Multi-Garment_Net_Learning_to_Dress_3D_People_From_Images_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Skeleton-Aware 3D Human Shape Reconstruction From Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Jiang_Skeleton-Aware_3D_Human_Shape_Reconstruction_From_Point_Clouds_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
AMASS: Archive of Motion Capture As Surface Shapes
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Mahmood_AMASS_Archive_of_Motion_Capture_As_Surface_Shapes_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Person-in-WiFi: Fine-Grained Person Perception Using WiFi
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Person-in-WiFi_Fine-Grained_Person_Perception_Using_WiFi_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
FAB: A Robust Facial Landmark Detection Framework for Motion-Blurred Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Sun_FAB_A_Robust_Facial_Landmark_Detection_Framework_for_Motion-Blurred_Videos_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Attentional Feature-Pair Relation Networks for Accurate Face Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kang_Attentional_Feature-Pair_Relation_Networks_for_Accurate_Face_Recognition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Action Recognition With Spatial-Temporal Discriminative Filter Banks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Martinez_Action_Recognition_With_Spatial-Temporal_Discriminative_Filter_Banks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
EPIC-Fusion: Audio-Visual Temporal Binding for Egocentric Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kazakos_EPIC-Fusion_Audio-Visual_Temporal_Binding_for_Egocentric_Action_Recognition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Weakly-Supervised Action Localization With Background Modeling
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Nguyen_Weakly-Supervised_Action_Localization_With_Background_Modeling_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Grouped Spatial-Temporal Aggregation for Efficient Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Luo_Grouped_Spatial-Temporal_Aggregation_for_Efficient_Action_Recognition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Temporal Structure Mining for Weakly Supervised Action Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yu_Temporal_Structure_Mining_for_Weakly_Supervised_Action_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Temporal Recurrent Networks for Online Action Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xu_Temporal_Recurrent_Networks_for_Online_Action_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
StartNet: Online Detection of Action Start in Untrimmed Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gao_StartNet_Online_Detection_of_Action_Start_in_Untrimmed_Videos_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Video Classification With Channel-Separated Convolutional Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Tran_Video_Classification_With_Channel-Separated_Convolutional_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Predicting the Future: A Jointly Learnt Model for Action Anticipation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gammulle_Predicting_the_Future_A_Jointly_Learnt_Model_for_Action_Anticipation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Human-Aware Motion Deblurring
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Shen_Human-Aware_Motion_Deblurring_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Fast Video Object Segmentation via Dynamic Targeting Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_Fast_Video_Object_Segmentation_via_Dynamic_Targeting_Network_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Solving Vision Problems via Filtering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Young_Solving_Vision_Problems_via_Filtering_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
GAN-Based Projector for Faster Recovery With Convergence Guarantees in Linear Inverse Problems
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Raj_GAN-Based_Projector_for_Faster_Recovery_With_Convergence_Guarantees_in_Linear_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Scoot: A Perceptual Metric for Facial Sketches
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Fan_Scoot_A_Perceptual_Metric_for_Facial_Sketches_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Filter Basis for Convolutional Neural Network Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Learning_Filter_Basis_for_Convolutional_Neural_Network_Compression_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
End-to-End Learning of Representations for Asynchronous Event-Based Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gehrig_End-to-End_Learning_of_Representations_for_Asynchronous_Event-Based_Data_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
ERL-Net: Entangled Representation Learning for Single Image De-Raining
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_ERL-Net_Entangled_Representation_Learning_for_Single_Image_De-Raining_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Perceptual Deep Depth Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Voynov_Perceptual_Deep_Depth_Super-Resolution_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
3D Scene Graph: A Structure for Unified Semantics, 3D Space, and Camera
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Armeni_3D_Scene_Graph_A_Structure_for_Unified_Semantics_3D_Space_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Floorplan-Jigsaw: Jointly Estimating Scene Layout and Aligning Partial Scans
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lin_Floorplan-Jigsaw_Jointly_Estimating_Scene_Layout_and_Aligning_Partial_Scans_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Enforcing Geometric Constraints of Virtual Normal for Depth Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yin_Enforcing_Geometric_Constraints_of_Virtual_Normal_for_Depth_Prediction_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Contextual Attention for Human-Object Interaction Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Deep_Contextual_Attention_for_Human-Object_Interaction_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Compositional Neural Information Fusion for Human Parsing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Learning_Compositional_Neural_Information_Fusion_for_Human_Parsing_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Attentional Neural Fields for Crowd Counting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_Attentional_Neural_Fields_for_Crowd_Counting_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Understanding Human Gaze Communication by Spatio-Temporal Graph Reasoning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Fan_Understanding_Human_Gaze_Communication_by_Spatio-Temporal_Graph_Reasoning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Controllable Attention for Structured Layered Video Decomposition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Alayrac_Controllable_Attention_for_Structured_Layered_Video_Decomposition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
GANalyze: Toward Visual Definitions of Cognitive Image Properties
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Goetschalckx_GANalyze_Toward_Visual_Definitions_of_Cognitive_Image_Properties_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Saliency-Guided Attention Network for Image-Sentence Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ji_Saliency-Guided_Attention_Network_for_Image-Sentence_Matching_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
CAMP: Cross-Modal Adaptive Message Passing for Text-Image Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_CAMP_Cross-Modal_Adaptive_Message_Passing_for_Text-Image_Retrieval_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
ACMM: Aligned Cross-Modal Memory for Few-Shot Image and Sentence Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Huang_ACMM_Aligned_Cross-Modal_Memory_for_Few-Shot_Image_and_Sentence_Matching_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Creativity Inspired Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Elhoseiny_Creativity_Inspired_Zero-Shot_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Generating Easy-to-Understand Referring Expressions for Target Identifications
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Tanaka_Generating_Easy-to-Understand_Referring_Expressions_for_Target_Identifications_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Language-Agnostic Visual-Semantic Embeddings
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wehrmann_Language-Agnostic_Visual-Semantic_Embeddings_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Adversarial Representation Learning for Text-to-Image Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Sarafianos_Adversarial_Representation_Learning_for_Text-to-Image_Matching_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Multi-Modality Latent Interaction Network for Visual Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gao_Multi-Modality_Latent_Interaction_Network_for_Visual_Question_Answering_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Key.Net: Keypoint Detection by Handcrafted and Learned CNN Filters
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Barroso-Laguna_Key.Net_Keypoint_Detection_by_Handcrafted_and_Learned_CNN_Filters_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Two-View Correspondences and Geometry Using Order-Aware Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_Learning_Two-View_Correspondences_and_Geometry_Using_Order-Aware_Network_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Meshes for Dense Visual SLAM
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Bloesch_Learning_Meshes_for_Dense_Visual_SLAM_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
EM-Fusion: Dynamic Object-Level SLAM With Probabilistic Data Association
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Strecke_EM-Fusion_Dynamic_Object-Level_SLAM_With_Probabilistic_Data_Association_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
ClusterSLAM: A SLAM Backend for Simultaneous Rigid Body Clustering and Motion Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Huang_ClusterSLAM_A_SLAM_Backend_for_Simultaneous_Rigid_Body_Clustering_and_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Efficient and Robust Registration on the 3D Special Euclidean Group
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Bhattacharya_Efficient_and_Robust_Registration_on_the_3D_Special_Euclidean_Group_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Algebraic Characterization of Essential Matrices and Their Averaging in Multiview Settings
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kasten_Algebraic_Characterization_of_Essential_Matrices_and_Their_Averaging_in_Multiview_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Liquid Warping GAN: A Unified Framework for Human Motion Imitation, Appearance Transfer and Novel View Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_Liquid_Warping_GAN_A_Unified_Framework_for_Human_Motion_Imitation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
RelGAN: Multi-Domain Image-to-Image Translation via Relative Attributes
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wu_RelGAN_Multi-Domain_Image-to-Image_Translation_via_Relative_Attributes_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Attribute-Driven Spontaneous Motion in Unpaired Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wu_Attribute-Driven_Spontaneous_Motion_in_Unpaired_Image_Translation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Everybody Dance Now
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chan_Everybody_Dance_Now_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Multimodal Style Transfer via Graph Cuts
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_Multimodal_Style_Transfer_via_Graph_Cuts_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
A Closed-Form Solution to Universal Style Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lu_A_Closed-Form_Solution_to_Universal_Style_Transfer_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Progressive Reconstruction of Visual Structure for Image Inpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Progressive_Reconstruction_of_Visual_Structure_for_Image_Inpainting_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Variational Adversarial Active Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Sinha_Variational_Adversarial_Active_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Confidence Regularized Self-Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zou_Confidence_Regularized_Self-Training_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Anchor Loss: Modulating Loss Scale Based on Prediction Difficulty
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ryou_Anchor_Loss_Modulating_Loss_Scale_Based_on_Prediction_Difficulty_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Local Aggregation for Unsupervised Learning of Visual Embeddings
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhuang_Local_Aggregation_for_Unsupervised_Learning_of_Visual_Embeddings_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
PR Product: A Substitute for Inner Product in Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_PR_Product_A_Substitute_for_Inner_Product_in_Neural_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
CutMix: Regularization Strategy to Train Strong Classifiers With Localizable Features
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yun_CutMix_Regularization_Strategy_to_Train_Strong_Classifiers_With_Localizable_Features_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Towards Interpretable Object Detection by Unfolding Latent Structures
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wu_Towards_Interpretable_Object_Detection_by_Unfolding_Latent_Structures_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Scaling Object Detection by Transferring Classification Weights
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kuen_Scaling_Object_Detection_by_Transferring_Classification_Weights_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Scale-Aware Trident Networks for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Scale-Aware_Trident_Networks_for_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Object-Aware Instance Labeling for Weakly Supervised Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kosugi_Object-Aware_Instance_Labeling_for_Weakly_Supervised_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Generative Modeling for Small-Data Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_Generative_Modeling_for_Small-Data_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Transductive Learning for Zero-Shot Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Rahman_Transductive_Learning_for_Zero-Shot_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Self-Training and Adversarial Background Regularization for Unsupervised Domain Adaptive One-Stage Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kim_Self-Training_and_Adversarial_Background_Regularization_for_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptive_One-Stage_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Memory-Based Neighbourhood Embedding for Visual Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Memory-Based_Neighbourhood_Embedding_for_Visual_Recognition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Self-Similarity Grouping: A Simple Unsupervised Cross Domain Adaptation Approach for Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Fu_Self-Similarity_Grouping_A_Simple_Unsupervised_Cross_Domain_Adaptation_Approach_for_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Reinforcement Active Learning for Human-in-the-Loop Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_Deep_Reinforcement_Active_Learning_for_Human-in-the-Loop_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
A Dual-Path Model With Adaptive Attention for Vehicle Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Khorramshahi_A_Dual-Path_Model_With_Adaptive_Attention_for_Vehicle_Re-Identification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Bayesian Loss for Crowd Count Estimation With Point Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ma_Bayesian_Loss_for_Crowd_Count_Estimation_With_Point_Supervision_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Spatial Awareness to Improve Crowd Counting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Cheng_Learning_Spatial_Awareness_to_Improve_Crowd_Counting_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
GradNet: Gradient-Guided Network for Visual Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_GradNet_Gradient-Guided_Network_for_Visual_Object_Tracking_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
FAMNet: Joint Learning of Feature, Affinity and Multi-Dimensional Assignment for Online Multiple Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chu_FAMNet_Joint_Learning_of_Feature_Affinity_and_Multi-Dimensional_Assignment_for_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Discriminative Model Prediction for Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Bhat_Learning_Discriminative_Model_Prediction_for_Tracking_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
DynamoNet: Dynamic Action and Motion Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Diba_DynamoNet_Dynamic_Action_and_Motion_Network_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SlowFast Networks for Video Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Feichtenhofer_SlowFast_Networks_for_Video_Recognition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Generative Multi-View Human Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Generative_Multi-View_Human_Action_Recognition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning Based Frame Sampling for Effective Untrimmed Video Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wu_Multi-Agent_Reinforcement_Learning_Based_Frame_Sampling_for_Effective_Untrimmed_Video_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SCSampler: Sampling Salient Clips From Video for Efficient Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Korbar_SCSampler_Sampling_Salient_Clips_From_Video_for_Efficient_Action_Recognition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Energy-Based Learning for Action Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Weakly_Supervised_Energy-Based_Learning_for_Action_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
What Would You Expect? Anticipating Egocentric Actions With Rolling-Unrolling LSTMs and Modality Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Furnari_What_Would_You_Expect_Anticipating_Egocentric_Actions_With_Rolling-Unrolling_LSTMs_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
PIE: A Large-Scale Dataset and Models for Pedestrian Intention Estimation and Trajectory Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Rasouli_PIE_A_Large-Scale_Dataset_and_Models_for_Pedestrian_Intention_Estimation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
STGAT: Modeling Spatial-Temporal Interactions for Human Trajectory Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Huang_STGAT_Modeling_Spatial-Temporal_Interactions_for_Human_Trajectory_Prediction_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Motion in Feature Space: Locally-Consistent Deformable Convolution Networks for Fine-Grained Action Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Mac_Learning_Motion_in_Feature_Space_Locally-Consistent_Deformable_Convolution_Networks_for_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Dual Attention Matching for Audio-Visual Event Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wu_Dual_Attention_Matching_for_Audio-Visual_Event_Localization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Uncertainty-Aware Audiovisual Activity Recognition Using Deep Bayesian Variational Inference
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Subedar_Uncertainty-Aware_Audiovisual_Activity_Recognition_Using_Deep_Bayesian_Variational_Inference_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Non-Local Recurrent Neural Memory for Supervised Sequence Modeling
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Fu_Non-Local_Recurrent_Neural_Memory_for_Supervised_Sequence_Modeling_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Temporal Attentive Alignment for Large-Scale Video Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Temporal_Attentive_Alignment_for_Large-Scale_Video_Domain_Adaptation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Action Assessment by Joint Relation Graphs
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Pan_Action_Assessment_by_Joint_Relation_Graphs_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Procedure Learning via Joint Dynamic Summarization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Elhamifar_Unsupervised_Procedure_Learning_via_Joint_Dynamic_Summarization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
ViSiL: Fine-Grained Spatio-Temporal Video Similarity Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kordopatis-Zilos_ViSiL_Fine-Grained_Spatio-Temporal_Video_Similarity_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Learning of Landmarks by Descriptor Vector Exchange
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Thewlis_Unsupervised_Learning_of_Landmarks_by_Descriptor_Vector_Exchange_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Compositional Representations for Few-Shot Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Tokmakov_Learning_Compositional_Representations_for_Few-Shot_Recognition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Spectral Regularization for Combating Mode Collapse in GANs
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_Spectral_Regularization_for_Combating_Mode_Collapse_in_GANs_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Scaling and Benchmarking Self-Supervised Visual Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Goyal_Scaling_and_Benchmarking_Self-Supervised_Visual_Representation_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning an Effective Equivariant 3D Descriptor Without Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Spezialetti_Learning_an_Effective_Equivariant_3D_Descriptor_Without_Supervision_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
KPConv: Flexible and Deformable Convolution for Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Thomas_KPConv_Flexible_and_Deformable_Convolution_for_Point_Clouds_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Neural Inter-Frame Compression for Video Coding
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Djelouah_Neural_Inter-Frame_Compression_for_Video_Coding_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Task2Vec: Task Embedding for Meta-Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Achille_Task2Vec_Task_Embedding_for_Meta-Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Clustering by Gaussian Mixture Variational Autoencoders With Graph Embedding
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yang_Deep_Clustering_by_Gaussian_Mixture_Variational_Autoencoders_With_Graph_Embedding_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SoftTriple Loss: Deep Metric Learning Without Triplet Sampling
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Qian_SoftTriple_Loss_Deep_Metric_Learning_Without_Triplet_Sampling_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
A Weakly Supervised Fine Label Classifier Enhanced by Coarse Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Taherkhani_A_Weakly_Supervised_Fine_Label_Classifier_Enhanced_by_Coarse_Supervision_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Gaussian Affinity for Max-Margin Class Imbalanced Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Hayat_Gaussian_Affinity_for_Max-Margin_Class_Imbalanced_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
AttPool: Towards Hierarchical Feature Representation in Graph Convolutional Networks via Attention Mechanism
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Huang_AttPool_Towards_Hierarchical_Feature_Representation_in_Graph_Convolutional_Networks_via_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Metric Learning With Tuplet Margin Loss
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yu_Deep_Metric_Learning_With_Tuplet_Margin_Loss_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Normalized Wasserstein for Mixture Distributions With Applications in Adversarial Learning and Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Balaji_Normalized_Wasserstein_for_Mixture_Distributions_With_Applications_in_Adversarial_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Fast and Practical Neural Architecture Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Cui_Fast_and_Practical_Neural_Architecture_Search_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Symmetric Graph Convolutional Autoencoder for Unsupervised Graph Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Park_Symmetric_Graph_Convolutional_Autoencoder_for_Unsupervised_Graph_Representation_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Elastic Networks With Model Selection for Multi-Task Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ahn_Deep_Elastic_Networks_With_Model_Selection_for_Multi-Task_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Metric Learning With HORDE: High-Order Regularizer for Deep Embeddings
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Jacob_Metric_Learning_With_HORDE_High-Order_Regularizer_for_Deep_Embeddings_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Adversarial Learning With Margin-Based Triplet Embedding Regularization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhong_Adversarial_Learning_With_Margin-Based_Triplet_Embedding_Regularization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Simultaneous Multi-View Instance Detection With Learned Geometric Soft-Constraints
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Nassar_Simultaneous_Multi-View_Instance_Detection_With_Learned_Geometric_Soft-Constraints_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
CenterNet: Keypoint Triplets for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Duan_CenterNet_Keypoint_Triplets_for_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Online Hyper-Parameter Learning for Auto-Augmentation Strategy
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lin_Online_Hyper-Parameter_Learning_for_Auto-Augmentation_Strategy_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
DANet: Divergent Activation for Weakly Supervised Object Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xue_DANet_Divergent_Activation_for_Weakly_Supervised_Object_Localization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Selective Sparse Sampling for Fine-Grained Image Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ding_Selective_Sparse_Sampling_for_Fine-Grained_Image_Recognition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Dynamic Anchor Feature Selection for Single-Shot Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Dynamic_Anchor_Feature_Selection_for_Single-Shot_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Incremental Learning Using Conditional Adversarial Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xiang_Incremental_Learning_Using_Conditional_Adversarial_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Bilateral Adversarial Training: Towards Fast Training of More Robust Models Against Adversarial Attacks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Bilateral_Adversarial_Training_Towards_Fast_Training_of_More_Robust_Models_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
View Confusion Feature Learning for Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_View_Confusion_Feature_Learning_for_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Auto-FPN: Automatic Network Architecture Adaptation for Object Detection Beyond Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xu_Auto-FPN_Automatic_Network_Architecture_Adaptation_for_Object_Detection_Beyond_Classification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
PARN: Position-Aware Relation Networks for Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wu_PARN_Position-Aware_Relation_Networks_for_Few-Shot_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Multi-Adversarial Faster-RCNN for Unrestricted Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/He_Multi-Adversarial_Faster-RCNN_for_Unrestricted_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Object Guided External Memory Network for Video Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Deng_Object_Guided_External_Memory_Network_for_Video_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
An Empirical Study of Spatial Attention Mechanisms in Deep Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhu_An_Empirical_Study_of_Spatial_Attention_Mechanisms_in_Deep_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Attribute Attention for Semantic Disambiguation in Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_Attribute_Attention_for_Semantic_Disambiguation_in_Zero-Shot_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
CIIDefence: Defeating Adversarial Attacks by Fusing Class-Specific Image Inpainting and Image Denoising
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gupta_CIIDefence_Defeating_Adversarial_Attacks_by_Fusing_Class-Specific_Image_Inpainting_and_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
ThunderNet: Towards Real-Time Generic Object Detection on Mobile Devices
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Qin_ThunderNet_Towards_Real-Time_Generic_Object_Detection_on_Mobile_Devices_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Dual Student: Breaking the Limits of the Teacher in Semi-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ke_Dual_Student_Breaking_the_Limits_of_the_Teacher_in_Semi-Supervised_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
MVP Matching: A Maximum-Value Perfect Matching for Mining Hard Samples, With Application to Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Sun_MVP_Matching_A_Maximum-Value_Perfect_Matching_for_Mining_Hard_Samples_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Adaptive Context Network for Scene Parsing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Fu_Adaptive_Context_Network_for_Scene_Parsing_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Constructing Self-Motivated Pyramid Curriculums for Cross-Domain Semantic Segmentation: A Non-Adversarial Approach
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lian_Constructing_Self-Motivated_Pyramid_Curriculums_for_Cross-Domain_Semantic_Segmentation_A_Non-Adversarial_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SparseMask: Differentiable Connectivity Learning for Dense Image Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wu_SparseMask_Differentiable_Connectivity_Learning_for_Dense_Image_Prediction_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Significance-Aware Information Bottleneck for Domain Adaptive Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Luo_Significance-Aware_Information_Bottleneck_for_Domain_Adaptive_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Relational Attention Network for Crowd Counting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_Relational_Attention_Network_for_Crowd_Counting_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
ACFNet: Attentional Class Feature Network for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_ACFNet_Attentional_Class_Feature_Network_for_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Frame-to-Frame Aggregation of Active Regions in Web Videos for Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lee_Frame-to-Frame_Aggregation_of_Active_Regions_in_Web_Videos_for_Weakly_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Boundary-Aware Feature Propagation for Scene Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ding_Boundary-Aware_Feature_Propagation_for_Scene_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Self-Ensembling With GAN-Based Data Augmentation for Domain Adaptation in Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Choi_Self-Ensembling_With_GAN-Based_Data_Augmentation_for_Domain_Adaptation_in_Semantic_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Explaining the Ambiguity of Object Detection and 6D Pose From Visual Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Manhardt_Explaining_the_Ambiguity_of_Object_Detection_and_6D_Pose_From_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Accurate Monocular 3D Object Detection via Color-Embedded 3D Reconstruction for Autonomous Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ma_Accurate_Monocular_3D_Object_Detection_via_Color-Embedded_3D_Reconstruction_for_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
MonoLoco: Monocular 3D Pedestrian Localization and Uncertainty Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Bertoni_MonoLoco_Monocular_3D_Pedestrian_Localization_and_Uncertainty_Estimation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised High-Resolution Depth Learning From Videos With Dual Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhou_Unsupervised_High-Resolution_Depth_Learning_From_Videos_With_Dual_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Bayesian Graph Convolution LSTM for Skeleton Based Action Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhao_Bayesian_Graph_Convolution_LSTM_for_Skeleton_Based_Action_Recognition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
DeCaFA: Deep Convolutional Cascade for Face Alignment in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Dapogny_DeCaFA_Deep_Convolutional_Cascade_for_Face_Alignment_in_the_Wild_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Probabilistic Face Embeddings
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Shi_Probabilistic_Face_Embeddings_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Gaze360: Physically Unconstrained Gaze Estimation in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kellnhofer_Gaze360_Physically_Unconstrained_Gaze_Estimation_in_the_Wild_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Person Re-Identification by Camera-Aware Similarity Consistency Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wu_Unsupervised_Person_Re-Identification_by_Camera-Aware_Similarity_Consistency_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Photo-Realistic Monocular Gaze Redirection Using Generative Adversarial Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/He_Photo-Realistic_Monocular_Gaze_Redirection_Using_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Dynamic Kernel Distillation for Efficient Pose Estimation in Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Nie_Dynamic_Kernel_Distillation_for_Efficient_Pose_Estimation_in_Videos_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Single-Stage Multi-Person Pose Machines
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Nie_Single-Stage_Multi-Person_Pose_Machines_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SO-HandNet: Self-Organizing Network for 3D Hand Pose Estimation With Semi-Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_SO-HandNet_Self-Organizing_Network_for_3D_Hand_Pose_Estimation_With_Semi-Supervised_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Adaptive Wing Loss for Robust Face Alignment via Heatmap Regression
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Adaptive_Wing_Loss_for_Robust_Face_Alignment_via_Heatmap_Regression_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Single-Network Whole-Body Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Hidalgo_Single-Network_Whole-Body_Pose_Estimation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Face Alignment With Kernel Density Deep Neural Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Face_Alignment_With_Kernel_Density_Deep_Neural_Network_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Spatiotemporal Feature Residual Propagation for Action Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhao_Spatiotemporal_Feature_Residual_Propagation_for_Action_Prediction_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Identity From Here, Pose From There: Self-Supervised Disentanglement and Generation of Objects Using Unlabeled Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xiao_Identity_From_Here_Pose_From_There_Self-Supervised_Disentanglement_and_Generation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Relation Distillation Networks for Video Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Deng_Relation_Distillation_Networks_for_Video_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Video Compression With Rate-Distortion Autoencoders
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Habibian_Video_Compression_With_Rate-Distortion_Autoencoders_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Non-Local ConvLSTM for Video Compression Artifact Reduction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xu_Non-Local_ConvLSTM_for_Video_Compression_Artifact_Reduction_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Moving Vehicle Tracking With Stereo Sound
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gan_Self-Supervised_Moving_Vehicle_Tracking_With_Stereo_Sound_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Learning With Geometric Constraints in Monocular Video: Connecting Flow, Depth, and Camera
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Self-Supervised_Learning_With_Geometric_Constraints_in_Monocular_Video_Connecting_Flow_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Temporal Action Proposals With Fewer Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ji_Learning_Temporal_Action_Proposals_With_Fewer_Labels_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
TSM: Temporal Shift Module for Efficient Video Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lin_TSM_Temporal_Shift_Module_for_Efficient_Video_Understanding_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Graph Convolutional Networks for Temporal Action Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zeng_Graph_Convolutional_Networks_for_Temporal_Action_Localization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Fast Object Detection in Compressed Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Fast_Object_Detection_in_Compressed_Video_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Predicting 3D Human Dynamics From Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_Predicting_3D_Human_Dynamics_From_Video_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Imitation Learning for Human Pose Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Imitation_Learning_for_Human_Pose_Prediction_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Human Motion Prediction via Spatio-Temporal Inpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Hernandez_Human_Motion_Prediction_via_Spatio-Temporal_Inpainting_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Structured Prediction Helps 3D Human Motion Modelling
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Aksan_Structured_Prediction_Helps_3D_Human_Motion_Modelling_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Shape Templates With Structured Implicit Functions
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Genova_Learning_Shape_Templates_With_Structured_Implicit_Functions_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
CompenNet++: End-to-End Full Projector Compensation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Huang_CompenNet_End-to-End_Full_Projector_Compensation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Parametric Indoor Lighting Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gardner_Deep_Parametric_Indoor_Lighting_Estimation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
FSGAN: Subject Agnostic Face Swapping and Reenactment
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Nirkin_FSGAN_Subject_Agnostic_Face_Swapping_and_Reenactment_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Single-Image Portrait Relighting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhou_Deep_Single-Image_Portrait_Relighting_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
PU-GAN: A Point Cloud Upsampling Adversarial Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_PU-GAN_A_Point_Cloud_Upsampling_Adversarial_Network_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Neural 3D Morphable Models: Spiral Convolutional Networks for 3D Shape Representation Learning and Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Bouritsas_Neural_3D_Morphable_Models_Spiral_Convolutional_Networks_for_3D_Shape_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Joint Learning of Saliency Detection and Weakly Supervised Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zeng_Joint_Learning_of_Saliency_Detection_and_Weakly_Supervised_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Towards High-Resolution Salient Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zeng_Towards_High-Resolution_Salient_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Event-Based Motion Segmentation by Motion Compensation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Stoffregen_Event-Based_Motion_Segmentation_by_Motion_Compensation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Depth-Induced Multi-Scale Recurrent Attention Network for Saliency Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Piao_Depth-Induced_Multi-Scale_Recurrent_Attention_Network_for_Saliency_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Stacked Cross Refinement Network for Edge-Aware Salient Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wu_Stacked_Cross_Refinement_Network_for_Edge-Aware_Salient_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Motion Guided Attention for Video Salient Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Motion_Guided_Attention_for_Video_Salient_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised Video Salient Object Detection Using Pseudo-Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yan_Semi-Supervised_Video_Salient_Object_Detection_Using_Pseudo-Labels_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Joint Learning of Semantic Alignment and Object Landmark Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Jeon_Joint_Learning_of_Semantic_Alignment_and_Object_Landmark_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
RainFlow: Optical Flow Under Rain Streaks and Rain Veiling Effect
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_RainFlow_Optical_Flow_Under_Rain_Streaks_and_Rain_Veiling_Effect_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
GridDehazeNet: Attention-Based Multi-Scale Network for Image Dehazing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_GridDehazeNet_Attention-Based_Multi-Scale_Network_for_Image_Dehazing_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to See Moving Objects in the Dark
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Jiang_Learning_to_See_Moving_Objects_in_the_Dark_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SegSort: Segmentation by Discriminative Sorting of Segments
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Hwang_SegSort_Segmentation_by_Discriminative_Sorting_of_Segments_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
What Synthesis Is Missing: Depth Adaptation Integrated With Weak Supervision for Indoor Scene Parsing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_What_Synthesis_Is_Missing_Depth_Adaptation_Integrated_With_Weak_Supervision_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
AdaptIS: Adaptive Instance Selection Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Sofiiuk_AdaptIS_Adaptive_Instance_Selection_Network_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
DADA: Depth-Aware Domain Adaptation in Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Vu_DADA_Depth-Aware_Domain_Adaptation_in_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Guided Curriculum Model Adaptation and Uncertainty-Aware Evaluation for Semantic Nighttime Image Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Sakaridis_Guided_Curriculum_Model_Adaptation_and_Uncertainty-Aware_Evaluation_for_Semantic_Nighttime_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SceneGraphNet: Neural Message Passing for 3D Indoor Scene Augmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhou_SceneGraphNet_Neural_Message_Passing_for_3D_Indoor_Scene_Augmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SkyScapes  Fine-Grained Semantic Understanding of Aerial Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Azimi_SkyScapes__Fine-Grained_Semantic_Understanding_of_Aerial_Scenes_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Transferable Representation Learning in Vision-and-Language Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Huang_Transferable_Representation_Learning_in_Vision-and-Language_Navigation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Towards Unsupervised Image Captioning With Shared Multimodal Embeddings
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Laina_Towards_Unsupervised_Image_Captioning_With_Shared_Multimodal_Embeddings_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
ViCo: Word Embeddings From Visual Co-Occurrences
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gupta_ViCo_Word_Embeddings_From_Visual_Co-Occurrences_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Seq-SG2SL: Inferring Semantic Layout From Scene Graph Through Sequence to Sequence Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Seq-SG2SL_Inferring_Semantic_Layout_From_Scene_Graph_Through_Sequence_to_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
U-CAM: Visual Explanation Using Uncertainty Based Class Activation Maps
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Patro_U-CAM_Visual_Explanation_Using_Uncertainty_Based_Class_Activation_Maps_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
See-Through-Text Grouping for Referring Image Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_See-Through-Text_Grouping_for_Referring_Image_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
VideoBERT: A Joint Model for Video and Language Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Sun_VideoBERT_A_Joint_Model_for_Video_and_Language_Representation_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Language Features Matter: Effective Language Representations for Vision-Language Tasks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Burns_Language_Features_Matter_Effective_Language_Representations_for_Vision-Language_Tasks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Semantic Stereo Matching With Pyramid Cost Volumes
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wu_Semantic_Stereo_Matching_With_Pyramid_Cost_Volumes_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Relationships for Multi-View 3D Object Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yang_Learning_Relationships_for_Multi-View_3D_Object_Recognition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
View N-Gram Network for 3D Object Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/He_View_N-Gram_Network_for_3D_Object_Retrieval_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Expert Sample Consensus Applied to Camera Re-Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Brachmann_Expert_Sample_Consensus_Applied_to_Camera_Re-Localization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Semantic Part Detection via Matching: Learning to Generalize to Novel Viewpoints From Limited Training Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Bai_Semantic_Part_Detection_via_Matching_Learning_to_Generalize_to_Novel_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Dynamic Points Agglomeration for Hierarchical Point Sets Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_Dynamic_Points_Agglomeration_for_Hierarchical_Point_Sets_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Attributing Fake Images to GANs: Learning and Analyzing GAN Fingerprints
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yu_Attributing_Fake_Images_to_GANs_Learning_and_Analyzing_GAN_Fingerprints_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Dual Adversarial Inference for Text-to-Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lao_Dual_Adversarial_Inference_for_Text-to-Image_Synthesis_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
View-LSTM: Novel-View Video Synthesis Through View Decomposition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lakhal_View-LSTM_Novel-View_Video_Synthesis_Through_View_Decomposition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
HoloGAN: Unsupervised Learning of 3D Representations From Natural Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Nguyen-Phuoc_HoloGAN_Unsupervised_Learning_of_3D_Representations_From_Natural_Images_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Unpaired Image-to-Speech Synthesis With Multimodal Information Bottleneck
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ma_Unpaired_Image-to-Speech_Synthesis_With_Multimodal_Information_Bottleneck_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Improved Conditional VRNNs for Video Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Castrejon_Improved_Conditional_VRNNs_for_Video_Prediction_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Visualizing the Invisible: Occluded Vehicle Segmentation and Recovery
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yan_Visualizing_the_Invisible_Occluded_Vehicle_Segmentation_and_Recovery_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
FrameNet: Learning Local Canonical Frames of 3D Surfaces From a Single RGB Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Huang_FrameNet_Learning_Local_Canonical_Frames_of_3D_Surfaces_From_a_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Pushing the Frontiers of Unconstrained Crowd Counting: New Dataset and Benchmark Method
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Sindagi_Pushing_the_Frontiers_of_Unconstrained_Crowd_Counting_New_Dataset_and_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Spatial Correspondence With Generative Adversarial Network: Learning Depth From Monocular Videos
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wu_Spatial_Correspondence_With_Generative_Adversarial_Network_Learning_Depth_From_Monocular_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Single Camera Depth Estimation Using Dual-Pixels
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Garg_Learning_Single_Camera_Depth_Estimation_Using_Dual-Pixels_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Domain-Adaptive Single-View 3D Reconstruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Pinheiro_Domain-Adaptive_Single-View_3D_Reconstruction_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Transformable Bottleneck Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Olszewski_Transformable_Bottleneck_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
RIO: 3D Object Instance Re-Localization in Changing Indoor Environments
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wald_RIO_3D_Object_Instance_Re-Localization_in_Changing_Indoor_Environments_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Pix2Pose: Pixel-Wise Coordinate Regression of Objects for 6D Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Park_Pix2Pose_Pixel-Wise_Coordinate_Regression_of_Objects_for_6D_Pose_Estimation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
CDPN: Coordinates-Based Disentangled Pose Network for Real-Time RGB-Based 6-DoF Object Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_CDPN_Coordinates-Based_Disentangled_Pose_Network_for_Real-Time_RGB-Based_6-DoF_Object_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
C3DPO: Canonical 3D Pose Networks for Non-Rigid Structure From Motion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Novotny_C3DPO_Canonical_3D_Pose_Networks_for_Non-Rigid_Structure_From_Motion_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Reconstruct 3D Manhattan Wireframes From a Single Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhou_Learning_to_Reconstruct_3D_Manhattan_Wireframes_From_a_Single_Image_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Soft Rasterizer: A Differentiable Renderer for Image-Based 3D Reasoning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_Soft_Rasterizer_A_Differentiable_Renderer_for_Image-Based_3D_Reasoning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learnable Triangulation of Human Pose
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Iskakov_Learnable_Triangulation_of_Human_Pose_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
xR-EgoPose: Egocentric 3D Human Pose From an HMD Camera
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Tome_xR-EgoPose_Egocentric_3D_Human_Pose_From_an_HMD_Camera_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
DeepHuman: 3D Human Reconstruction From a Single Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zheng_DeepHuman_3D_Human_Reconstruction_From_a_Single_Image_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
A Neural Network for Detailed Human Depth Estimation From a Single Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Tang_A_Neural_Network_for_Detailed_Human_Depth_Estimation_From_a_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
DenseRaC: Joint 3D Pose and Shape Estimation by Dense Render-and-Compare
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xu_DenseRaC_Joint_3D_Pose_and_Shape_Estimation_by_Dense_Render-and-Compare_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Not All Parts Are Created Equal: 3D Pose Estimation by Modeling Bi-Directional Dependencies of Body Parts
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Not_All_Parts_Are_Created_Equal_3D_Pose_Estimation_by_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Extreme View Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Choi_Extreme_View_Synthesis_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
View Independent Generative Adversarial Network for Novel View Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xu_View_Independent_Generative_Adversarial_Network_for_Novel_View_Synthesis_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Cascaded Context Pyramid for Full-Resolution 3D Semantic Scene Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_Cascaded_Context_Pyramid_for_Full-Resolution_3D_Semantic_Scene_Completion_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
View-Consistent 4D Light Field Superpixel Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Khan_View-Consistent_4D_Light_Field_Superpixel_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
GLoSH: Global-Local Spherical Harmonics for Intrinsic Image Decomposition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhou_GLoSH_Global-Local_Spherical_Harmonics_for_Intrinsic_Image_Decomposition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Surface Normals and Shape From Water
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Murai_Surface_Normals_and_Shape_From_Water_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Restoration of Non-Rigidly Distorted Underwater Images Using a Combination of Compressive Sensing and Local Polynomial Image Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/James_Restoration_of_Non-Rigidly_Distorted_Underwater_Images_Using_a_Combination_of_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Perspective Undistortion of Portraits
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhao_Learning_Perspective_Undistortion_of_Portraits_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Towards Photorealistic Reconstruction of Highly Multiplexed Lensless Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Khan_Towards_Photorealistic_Reconstruction_of_Highly_Multiplexed_Lensless_Images_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Unconstrained Motion Deblurring for Dual-Lens Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Mohan_Unconstrained_Motion_Deblurring_for_Dual-Lens_Cameras_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Stochastic Exposure Coding for Handling Multi-ToF-Camera Interference
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lee_Stochastic_Exposure_Coding_for_Handling_Multi-ToF-Camera_Interference_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Convolutional Approximations to the General Non-Line-of-Sight Imaging Operator
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ahn_Convolutional_Approximations_to_the_General_Non-Line-of-Sight_Imaging_Operator_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Agile Depth Sensing Using Triangulation Light Curtains
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Bartels_Agile_Depth_Sensing_Using_Triangulation_Light_Curtains_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Asynchronous Single-Photon 3D Imaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gupta_Asynchronous_Single-Photon_3D_Imaging_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Cross-Dataset Person Re-Identification via Unsupervised Pose Disentanglement and Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Cross-Dataset_Person_Re-Identification_via_Unsupervised_Pose_Disentanglement_and_Adaptation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
A Learned Representation for Scalable Vector Graphics
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lopes_A_Learned_Representation_for_Scalable_Vector_Graphics_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
ELF: Embedded Localisation of Features in Pre-Trained CNN
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Benbihi_ELF_Embedded_Localisation_of_Features_in_Pre-Trained_CNN_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Joint Group Feature Selection and Discriminative Filter Learning for Robust Visual Object Tracking
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xu_Joint_Group_Feature_Selection_and_Discriminative_Filter_Learning_for_Robust_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Sampling Wisely: Deep Image Embedding by Top-K Precision Optimization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lu_Sampling_Wisely_Deep_Image_Embedding_by_Top-K_Precision_Optimization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
On the Global Optima of Kernelized Adversarial Representation Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Sadeghi_On_the_Global_Optima_of_Kernelized_Adversarial_Representation_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Addressing Model Vulnerability to Distributional Shifts Over Image Transformation Sets
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Volpi_Addressing_Model_Vulnerability_to_Distributional_Shifts_Over_Image_Transformation_Sets_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Attract or Distract: Exploit the Margin of Open Set
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Feng_Attract_or_Distract_Exploit_the_Margin_of_Open_Set_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
MIC: Mining Interclass Characteristics for Improved Metric Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Roth_MIC_Mining_Interclass_Characteristics_for_Improved_Metric_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Self-Supervised Representation Learning via Neighborhood-Relational Encoding
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Sabokrou_Self-Supervised_Representation_Learning_via_Neighborhood-Relational_Encoding_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
AWSD: Adaptive Weighted Spatiotemporal Distillation for Video Representation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Tavakolian_AWSD_Adaptive_Weighted_Spatiotemporal_Distillation_for_Video_Representation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Bilinear Attention Networks for Person Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Fang_Bilinear_Attention_Networks_for_Person_Retrieval_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Discriminative Feature Learning With Consistent Attention Regularization for Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhou_Discriminative_Feature_Learning_With_Consistent_Attention_Regularization_for_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised Domain Adaptation via Minimax Entropy
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Saito_Semi-Supervised_Domain_Adaptation_via_Minimax_Entropy_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Boosting Few-Shot Visual Learning With Self-Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gidaris_Boosting_Few-Shot_Visual_Learning_With_Self-Supervision_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
FDA: Feature Disruptive Attack
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ganeshan_FDA_Feature_Disruptive_Attack_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
A Novel Unsupervised Camera-Aware Domain Adaptation Framework for Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Qi_A_Novel_Unsupervised_Camera-Aware_Domain_Adaptation_Framework_for_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Cross-View Policy Learning for Street Navigation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Cross-View_Policy_Learning_for_Street_Navigation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Across Tasks and Domains
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ramirez_Learning_Across_Tasks_and_Domains_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
EMPNet: Neural Localisation and Mapping Using Embedded Memory Points
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Avraham_EMPNet_Neural_Localisation_and_Mapping_Using_Embedded_Memory_Points_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
AVT: Unsupervised Learning of Transformation Equivariant Representations by Autoencoding Variational Transformations
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Qi_AVT_Unsupervised_Learning_of_Transformation_Equivariant_Representations_by_Autoencoding_Variational_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Composite Shape Modeling via Latent Space Factorization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Dubrovina_Composite_Shape_Modeling_via_Latent_Space_Factorization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Comprehensive Correlation Mining for Image Clustering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wu_Deep_Comprehensive_Correlation_Mining_for_Image_Clustering_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Multi-Task Feature Learning on Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Hassani_Unsupervised_Multi-Task_Feature_Learning_on_Point_Clouds_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Reciprocal Multi-Layer Subspace Learning for Multi-View Clustering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Reciprocal_Multi-Layer_Subspace_Learning_for_Multi-View_Clustering_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Geometric Disentanglement for Generative Latent Shape Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Aumentado-Armstrong_Geometric_Disentanglement_for_Generative_Latent_Shape_Models_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
GAN-Tree: An Incrementally Learned Hierarchical Generative Framework for Multi-Modal Data Distributions
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kundu_GAN-Tree_An_Incrementally_Learned_Hierarchical_Generative_Framework_for_Multi-Modal_Data_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
GODS: Generalized One-Class Discriminative Subspaces for Anomaly Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_GODS_Generalized_One-Class_Discriminative_Subspaces_for_Anomaly_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Neighborhood Preserving Hashing for Scalable Video Retrieval
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Neighborhood_Preserving_Hashing_for_Scalable_Video_Retrieval_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Self-Training With Progressive Augmentation for Unsupervised Cross-Domain Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_Self-Training_With_Progressive_Augmentation_for_Unsupervised_Cross-Domain_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SCRDet: Towards More Robust Detection for Small, Cluttered and Rotated Objects
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yang_SCRDet_Towards_More_Robust_Detection_for_Small_Cluttered_and_Rotated_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Cross-X Learning for Fine-Grained Visual Categorization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Luo_Cross-X_Learning_for_Fine-Grained_Visual_Categorization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Maximum-Margin Hamming Hashing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kang_Maximum-Margin_Hamming_Hashing_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Conservative Wasserstein Training for Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_Conservative_Wasserstein_Training_for_Pose_Estimation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Rank Proposals for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Tan_Learning_to_Rank_Proposals_for_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Vehicle Re-Identification With Viewpoint-Aware Metric Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chu_Vehicle_Re-Identification_With_Viewpoint-Aware_Metric_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
WSOD2: Learning Bottom-Up and Top-Down Objectness Distillation for Weakly-Supervised Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zeng_WSOD2_Learning_Bottom-Up_and_Top-Down_Objectness_Distillation_for_Weakly-Supervised_Object_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Localization of Deep Inpainting Using High-Pass Fully Convolutional Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Localization_of_Deep_Inpainting_Using_High-Pass_Fully_Convolutional_Network_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Clustered Object Detection in Aerial Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yang_Clustered_Object_Detection_in_Aerial_Images_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Graph Association for Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wu_Unsupervised_Graph_Association_for_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning a Mixture of Granularity-Specific Experts for Fine-Grained Categorization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_Learning_a_Mixture_of_Granularity-Specific_Experts_for_Fine-Grained_Categorization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
advPattern: Physical-World Attacks on Deep Person Re-Identification via Adversarially Transformable Patterns
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_advPattern_Physical-World_Attacks_on_Deep_Person_Re-Identification_via_Adversarially_Transformable_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
ABD-Net: Attentive but Diverse Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_ABD-Net_Attentive_but_Diverse_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
From Open Set to Closed Set: Counting Objects by Spatial Divide-and-Conquer
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xiong_From_Open_Set_to_Closed_Set_Counting_Objects_by_Spatial_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Towards Precise End-to-End Weakly Supervised Object Detection Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yang_Towards_Precise_End-to-End_Weakly_Supervised_Object_Detection_Network_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learn to Scale: Generating Multipolar Normalized Density Maps for Crowd Counting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xu_Learn_to_Scale_Generating_Multipolar_Normalized_Density_Maps_for_Crowd_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Ground-to-Aerial Image Geo-Localization With a Hard Exemplar Reweighting Triplet Loss
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Cai_Ground-to-Aerial_Image_Geo-Localization_With_a_Hard_Exemplar_Reweighting_Triplet_Loss_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Discover Novel Visual Categories via Deep Transfer Clustering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Han_Learning_to_Discover_Novel_Visual_Categories_via_Deep_Transfer_Clustering_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
AM-LFS: AutoML for Loss Function Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_AM-LFS_AutoML_for_Loss_Function_Search_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Object Detection via Feature Reweighting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kang_Few-Shot_Object_Detection_via_Feature_Reweighting_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Objects365: A Large-Scale, High-Quality Dataset for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Shao_Objects365_A_Large-Scale_High-Quality_Dataset_for_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Efficient and Accurate Arbitrary-Shaped Text Detection With Pixel Aggregation Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Efficient_and_Accurate_Arbitrary-Shaped_Text_Detection_With_Pixel_Aggregation_Network_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Foreground-Aware Pyramid Reconstruction for Alignment-Free Occluded Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/He_Foreground-Aware_Pyramid_Reconstruction_for_Alignment-Free_Occluded_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Collect and Select: Semantic Alignment Metric Learning for Few-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Hao_Collect_and_Select_Semantic_Alignment_Metric_Learning_for_Few-Shot_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Bayesian Adaptive Superpixel Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Uziel_Bayesian_Adaptive_Superpixel_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
CapsuleVOS: Semi-Supervised Video Object Segmentation Using Capsule Routing
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Duarte_CapsuleVOS_Semi-Supervised_Video_Object_Segmentation_Using_Capsule_Routing_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
BAE-NET: Branched Autoencoder for Shape Co-Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_BAE-NET_Branched_Autoencoder_for_Shape_Co-Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
VV-Net: Voxel VAE Net With Group Convolutions for Point Cloud Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Meng_VV-Net_Voxel_VAE_Net_With_Group_Convolutions_for_Point_Cloud_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Miss Detection vs. False Alarm: Adversarial Learning for Small Object Segmentation in Infrared Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Miss_Detection_vs._False_Alarm_Adversarial_Learning_for_Small_Object_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Group-Wise Deep Object Co-Segmentation With Co-Attention Recurrent Neural Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Group-Wise_Deep_Object_Co-Segmentation_With_Co-Attention_Recurrent_Neural_Network_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Human Attention in Image Captioning: Dataset and Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/He_Human_Attention_in_Image_Captioning_Dataset_and_Analysis_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Variational Uncalibrated Photometric Stereo Under General Lighting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Haefner_Variational_Uncalibrated_Photometric_Stereo_Under_General_Lighting_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SPLINE-Net: Sparse Photometric Stereo Through Lighting Interpolation and Normal Estimation Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zheng_SPLINE-Net_Sparse_Photometric_Stereo_Through_Lighting_Interpolation_and_Normal_Estimation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Hyperspectral Image Reconstruction Using Deep External and Internal Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_Hyperspectral_Image_Reconstruction_Using_Deep_External_and_Internal_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Gravity as a Reference for Estimating a Person's Height From Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Bieler_Gravity_as_a_Reference_for_Estimating_a_Persons_Height_From_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Shadow Removal via Shadow Image Decomposition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Le_Shadow_Removal_via_Shadow_Image_Decomposition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
OperatorNet: Recovering 3D Shapes From Difference Operators
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Huang_OperatorNet_Recovering_3D_Shapes_From_Difference_Operators_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Neural Inverse Rendering of an Indoor Scene From a Single Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Sengupta_Neural_Inverse_Rendering_of_an_Indoor_Scene_From_a_Single_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
ForkNet: Multi-Branch Volumetric Semantic Completion From a Single Depth Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_ForkNet_Multi-Branch_Volumetric_Semantic_Completion_From_a_Single_Depth_Image_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Moving Indoor: Unsupervised Video Depth Learning in Challenging Environments
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhou_Moving_Indoor_Unsupervised_Video_Depth_Learning_in_Challenging_Environments_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
GraphX-Convolution for Point Cloud Deformation in 2D-to-3D Conversion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Nguyen_GraphX-Convolution_for_Point_Cloud_Deformation_in_2D-to-3D_Conversion_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Holistic++ Scene Understanding: Single-View 3D Holistic Scene Parsing and Human Pose Estimation With Human-Object Interaction and Physical Commonsense
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Holistic_Scene_Understanding_Single-View_3D_Holistic_Scene_Parsing_and_Human_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
MMAct: A Large-Scale Dataset for Cross Modal Human Action Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kong_MMAct_A_Large-Scale_Dataset_for_Cross_Modal_Human_Action_Understanding_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
HACS: Human Action Clips and Segments Dataset for Recognition and Temporal Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhao_HACS_Human_Action_Clips_and_Segments_Dataset_for_Recognition_and_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
3C-Net: Category Count and Center Loss for Weakly-Supervised Action Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Narayan_3C-Net_Category_Count_and_Center_Loss_for_Weakly-Supervised_Action_Localization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Grounded Human-Object Interaction Hotspots From Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Nagarajan_Grounded_Human-Object_Interaction_Hotspots_From_Video_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Hallucinating IDT Descriptors and I3D Optical Flow Features for Action Recognition With CNNs
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Hallucinating_IDT_Descriptors_and_I3D_Optical_Flow_Features_for_Action_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Paint With Model-Based Deep Reinforcement Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Huang_Learning_to_Paint_With_Model-Based_Deep_Reinforcement_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Neural Re-Simulation for Generating Bounces in Single Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Innamorati_Neural_Re-Simulation_for_Generating_Bounces_in_Single_Images_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Appearance Maps
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Maximov_Deep_Appearance_Maps_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
GarNet: A Two-Stream Network for Fast and Accurate 3D Cloth Draping
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gundogdu_GarNet_A_Two-Stream_Network_for_Fast_and_Accurate_3D_Cloth_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Joint Embedding of 3D Scan and CAD Objects
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Dahnert_Joint_Embedding_of_3D_Scan_and_CAD_Objects_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
CompoNet: Learning to Generate the Unseen by Part Synthesis and Composition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Schor_CompoNet_Learning_to_Generate_the_Unseen_by_Part_Synthesis_and_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
DDSL: Deep Differentiable Simplex Layer for Learning Geometric Signals
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Jiang_DDSL_Deep_Differentiable_Simplex_Layer_for_Learning_Geometric_Signals_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
EGNet: Edge Guidance Network for Salient Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhao_EGNet_Edge_Guidance_Network_for_Salient_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SID4VAM: A Benchmark Dataset With Synthetic Images for Visual Attention Modeling
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Berga_SID4VAM_A_Benchmark_Dataset_With_Synthetic_Images_for_Visual_Attention_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Two-Stream Action Recognition-Oriented Video Super-Resolution
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_Two-Stream_Action_Recognition-Oriented_Video_Super-Resolution_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Where Is My Mirror?
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yang_Where_Is_My_Mirror_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Disentangled Image Matting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Cai_Disentangled_Image_Matting_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Guided Super-Resolution As Pixel-to-Pixel Transformation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/de_Lutio_Guided_Super-Resolution_As_Pixel-to-Pixel_Transformation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Learning for Light Field Saliency Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Deep_Learning_for_Light_Field_Saliency_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Optimizing the F-Measure for Threshold-Free Salient Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhao_Optimizing_the_F-Measure_for_Threshold-Free_Salient_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Image Inpainting With Learnable Bidirectional Attention Maps
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xie_Image_Inpainting_With_Learnable_Bidirectional_Attention_Maps_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Joint Demosaicking and Denoising by Fine-Tuning of Bursts of Raw Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ehret_Joint_Demosaicking_and_Denoising_by_Fine-Tuning_of_Bursts_of_Raw_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
DeblurGAN-v2: Deblurring (Orders-of-Magnitude) Faster and Better
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kupyn_DeblurGAN-v2_Deblurring_Orders-of-Magnitude_Faster_and_Better_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Reflective Decoding Network for Image Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ke_Reflective_Decoding_Network_for_Image_Captioning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Joint Optimization for Cooperative Image Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Vered_Joint_Optimization_for_Cooperative_Image_Captioning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Watch, Listen and Tell: Multi-Modal Weakly Supervised Dense Event Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Rahman_Watch_Listen_and_Tell_Multi-Modal_Weakly_Supervised_Dense_Event_Captioning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Joint Syntax Representation Learning and Visual Cue Translation for Video Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Hou_Joint_Syntax_Representation_Learning_and_Visual_Cue_Translation_for_Video_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Entangled Transformer for Image Captioning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Entangled_Transformer_for_Image_Captioning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Shapeglot: Learning Language for Shape Differentiation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Achlioptas_Shapeglot_Learning_Language_for_Shape_Differentiation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
nocaps: novel object captioning at scale
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Agrawal_nocaps_novel_object_captioning_at_scale_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Fully Convolutional Geometric Features
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Choy_Fully_Convolutional_Geometric_Features_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Local RGB-to-CAD Correspondences for Object Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Georgakis_Learning_Local_RGB-to-CAD_Correspondences_for_Object_Pose_Estimation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Depth From Videos in the Wild: Unsupervised Monocular Depth Learning From Unknown Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gordon_Depth_From_Videos_in_the_Wild_Unsupervised_Monocular_Depth_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
OmniMVS: End-to-End Learning for Omnidirectional Stereo Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Won_OmniMVS_End-to-End_Learning_for_Omnidirectional_Stereo_Matching_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
On the Over-Smoothing Problem of CNN Based Disparity Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_On_the_Over-Smoothing_Problem_of_CNN_Based_Disparity_Estimation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Disentangling Propagation and Generation for Video Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gao_Disentangling_Propagation_and_Generation_for_Video_Prediction_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Guided Image-to-Image Translation With Bi-Directional Feature Transformation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/AlBahar_Guided_Image-to-Image_Translation_With_Bi-Directional_Feature_Transformation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Towards Multi-Pose Guided Virtual Try-On Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Dong_Towards_Multi-Pose_Guided_Virtual_Try-On_Network_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Photorealistic Style Transfer via Wavelet Transforms
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yoo_Photorealistic_Style_Transfer_via_Wavelet_Transforms_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Personalized Fashion Design
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yu_Personalized_Fashion_Design_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Tag2Pix: Line Art Colorization Using Text Tag With SECat and Changing Loss
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kim_Tag2Pix_Line_Art_Colorization_Using_Text_Tag_With_SECat_and_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Free-Form Video Inpainting With 3D Gated Convolution and Temporal PatchGAN
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chang_Free-Form_Video_Inpainting_With_3D_Gated_Convolution_and_Temporal_PatchGAN_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
TextDragon: An End-to-End Framework for Arbitrary Shaped Text Spotting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Feng_TextDragon_An_End-to-End_Framework_for_Arbitrary_Shaped_Text_Spotting_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Chinese Street View Text: Large-Scale Chinese Text Reading With Partially Supervised Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Sun_Chinese_Street_View_Text_Large-Scale_Chinese_Text_Reading_With_Partially_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Floor Plan Recognition Using a Multi-Task Network With Room-Boundary-Guided Attention
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zeng_Deep_Floor_Plan_Recognition_Using_a_Multi-Task_Network_With_Room-Boundary-Guided_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
GA-DAN: Geometry-Aware Domain Adaptation Network for Scene Text Detection and Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhan_GA-DAN_Geometry-Aware_Domain_Adaptation_Network_for_Scene_Text_Detection_and_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Large-Scale Tag-Based Font Retrieval With Generative Feature Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Large-Scale_Tag-Based_Font_Retrieval_With_Generative_Feature_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Convolutional Character Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xing_Convolutional_Character_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Geometry Normalization Networks for Accurate Scene Text Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xu_Geometry_Normalization_Networks_for_Accurate_Scene_Text_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Symmetry-Constrained Rectification Network for Scene Text Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yang_Symmetry-Constrained_Rectification_Network_for_Scene_Text_Recognition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
YOLACT: Real-Time Instance Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Bolya_YOLACT_Real-Time_Instance_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Expectation-Maximization Attention Networks for Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Expectation-Maximization_Attention_Networks_for_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Multi-Class Part Parsing With Joint Boundary-Semantic Awareness
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhao_Multi-Class_Part_Parsing_With_Joint_Boundary-Semantic_Awareness_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Explaining Neural Networks Semantically and Quantitatively
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Explaining_Neural_Networks_Semantically_and_Quantitatively_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
PANet: Few-Shot Image Semantic Segmentation With Prototype Alignment
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_PANet_Few-Shot_Image_Semantic_Segmentation_With_Prototype_Alignment_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
ShapeMask: Learning to Segment Novel Objects by Refining Shape Priors
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kuo_ShapeMask_Learning_to_Segment_Novel_Objects_by_Refining_Shape_Priors_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Sequence Level Semantics Aggregation for Video Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wu_Sequence_Level_Semantics_Aggregation_for_Video_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Video Object Segmentation Using Space-Time Memory Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Oh_Video_Object_Segmentation_Using_Space-Time_Memory_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Zero-Shot Video Object Segmentation via Attentive Graph Neural Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Zero-Shot_Video_Object_Segmentation_via_Attentive_Graph_Neural_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
MeteorNet: Deep Learning on Dynamic 3D Point Cloud Sequences
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_MeteorNet_Deep_Learning_on_Dynamic_3D_Point_Cloud_Sequences_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
3D Instance Segmentation via Multi-Task Metric Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lahoud_3D_Instance_Segmentation_via_Multi-Task_Metric_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
DeepGCNs: Can GCNs Go As Deep As CNNs?
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_DeepGCNs_Can_GCNs_Go_As_Deep_As_CNNs_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Hough Voting for 3D Object Detection in Point Clouds
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Qi_Deep_Hough_Voting_for_3D_Object_Detection_in_Point_Clouds_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
M3D-RPN: Monocular 3D Region Proposal Network for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Brazil_M3D-RPN_Monocular_3D_Region_Proposal_Network_for_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SemanticKITTI: A Dataset for Semantic Scene Understanding of LiDAR Sequences
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Behley_SemanticKITTI_A_Dataset_for_Semantic_Scene_Understanding_of_LiDAR_Sequences_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
WoodScape: A Multi-Task, Multi-Camera Fisheye Dataset for Autonomous Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yogamani_WoodScape_A_Multi-Task_Multi-Camera_Fisheye_Dataset_for_Autonomous_Driving_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Scalable Place Recognition Under Appearance Change for Autonomous Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Doan_Scalable_Place_Recognition_Under_Appearance_Change_for_Autonomous_Driving_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Exploring the Limitations of Behavior Cloning for Autonomous Driving
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Codevilla_Exploring_the_Limitations_of_Behavior_Cloning_for_Autonomous_Driving_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Habitat: A Platform for Embodied AI Research
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Savva_Habitat_A_Platform_for_Embodied_AI_Research_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Towards Interpretable Face Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yin_Towards_Interpretable_Face_Recognition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Co-Mining: Deep Face Recognition With Noisy Labels
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Co-Mining_Deep_Face_Recognition_With_Noisy_Labels_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Adaptive Gaze Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Park_Few-Shot_Adaptive_Gaze_Estimation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Live Face De-Identification in Video
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gafni_Live_Face_De-Identification_in_Video_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Face Video Deblurring Using 3D Facial Priors
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ren_Face_Video_Deblurring_Using_3D_Facial_Priors_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Semi-Supervised Monocular 3D Face Reconstruction With End-to-End Shape-Preserved Domain Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Piao_Semi-Supervised_Monocular_3D_Face_Reconstruction_With_End-to-End_Shape-Preserved_Domain_Transfer_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
3D Face Modeling From Diverse Raw Scan Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_3D_Face_Modeling_From_Diverse_Raw_Scan_Data_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
A Decoupled 3D Facial Shape Model by Adversarial Training
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Abrevaya_A_Decoupled_3D_Facial_Shape_Model_by_Adversarial_Training_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Photo-Realistic Facial Details Synthesis From Single Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Photo-Realistic_Facial_Details_Synthesis_From_Single_Image_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
S2GAN: Share Aging Factors Across Ages and Share Aging Trends Among Individuals
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/He_S2GAN_Share_Aging_Factors_Across_Ages_and_Share_Aging_Trends_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
PuppetGAN: Cross-Domain Image Manipulation by Demonstration
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Usman_PuppetGAN_Cross-Domain_Image_Manipulation_by_Demonstration_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Adversarial Learning of Realistic Neural Talking Head Models
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zakharov_Few-Shot_Adversarial_Learning_of_Realistic_Neural_Talking_Head_Models_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Pose-Aware Multi-Level Feature Network for Human Object Interaction Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wan_Pose-Aware_Multi-Level_Feature_Network_for_Human_Object_Interaction_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
TRB: A Novel Triplet Representation for Understanding 2D Human Body
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Duan_TRB_A_Novel_Triplet_Representation_for_Understanding_2D_Human_Body_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Trajectory Dependencies for Human Motion Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Mao_Learning_Trajectory_Dependencies_for_Human_Motion_Prediction_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Cross-Domain Adaptation for Animal Pose Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Cao_Cross-Domain_Adaptation_for_Animal_Pose_Estimation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
NOTE-RCNN: NOise Tolerant Ensemble RCNN for Semi-Supervised Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gao_NOTE-RCNN_NOise_Tolerant_Ensemble_RCNN_for_Semi-Supervised_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Out-of-Distribution Detection by Maximum Classifier Discrepancy
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yu_Unsupervised_Out-of-Distribution_Detection_by_Maximum_Classifier_Discrepancy_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SBSGAN: Suppression of Inter-Domain Background Shift for Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Huang_SBSGAN_Suppression_of_Inter-Domain_Background_Shift_for_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Enriched Feature Guided Refinement Network for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Nie_Enriched_Feature_Guided_Refinement_Network_for_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Meta Metric Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Deep_Meta_Metric_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Discriminative Feature Transformation for Occluded Pedestrian Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhou_Discriminative_Feature_Transformation_for_Occluded_Pedestrian_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Contextual Attention for Hand Detection in the Wild
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Narasimhaswamy_Contextual_Attention_for_Hand_Detection_in_the_Wild_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Meta R-CNN: Towards General Solver for Instance-Level Low-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yan_Meta_R-CNN_Towards_General_Solver_for_Instance-Level_Low-Shot_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Pyramid Graph Networks With Connection Attentions for Region-Based One-Shot Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_Pyramid_Graph_Networks_With_Connection_Attentions_for_Region-Based_One-Shot_Semantic_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Presence-Only Geographical Priors for Fine-Grained Image Classification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Aodha_Presence-Only_Geographical_Priors_for_Fine-Grained_Image_Classification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
POD: Practical Object Detection With Scale-Sensitive Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Peng_POD_Practical_Object_Detection_With_Scale-Sensitive_Network_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Human Uncertainty Makes Classification More Robust
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Peterson_Human_Uncertainty_Makes_Classification_More_Robust_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
FCOS: Fully Convolutional One-Stage Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Tian_FCOS_Fully_Convolutional_One-Stage_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Self-Critical Attention Learning for Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Self-Critical_Attention_Learning_for_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Temporal Knowledge Propagation for Image-to-Video Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gu_Temporal_Knowledge_Propagation_for_Image-to-Video_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
RepPoints: Point Set Representation for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yang_RepPoints_Point_Set_Representation_for_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SegEQA: Video Segmentation Based Visual Attention for Embodied Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Luo_SegEQA_Video_Segmentation_Based_Visual_Attention_for_Embodied_Question_Answering_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
No-Frills Human-Object Interaction Detection: Factorization, Layout Encodings, and Training Techniques
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gupta_No-Frills_Human-Object_Interaction_Detection_Factorization_Layout_Encodings_and_Training_Techniques_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Cap2Det: Learning to Amplify Weak Caption Supervision for Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ye_Cap2Det_Learning_to_Amplify_Weak_Caption_Supervision_for_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
No Fear of the Dark: Image Retrieval Under Varying Illumination Conditions
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Jenicek_No_Fear_of_the_Dark_Image_Retrieval_Under_Varying_Illumination_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Hierarchical Shot Detector
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Cao_Hierarchical_Shot_Detector_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Learning With Global Class Representations
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Few-Shot_Learning_With_Global_Class_Representations_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Better to Follow, Follow to Be Better: Towards Precise Supervision of Feature Super-Resolution for Small Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Noh_Better_to_Follow_Follow_to_Be_Better_Towards_Precise_Supervision_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Weakly Supervised Object Detection With Segmentation Collaboration
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Weakly_Supervised_Object_Detection_With_Segmentation_Collaboration_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
AutoFocus: Efficient Multi-Scale Inference
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Najibi_AutoFocus_Efficient_Multi-Scale_Inference_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Leveraging Long-Range Temporal Relationships Between Proposals for Video Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Shvets_Leveraging_Long-Range_Temporal_Relationships_Between_Proposals_for_Video_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Transferable Contrastive Network for Generalized Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Jiang_Transferable_Contrastive_Network_for_Generalized_Zero-Shot_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Fast Point R-CNN
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Fast_Point_R-CNN_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Mesh R-CNN
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gkioxari_Mesh_R-CNN_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Supervised Hashing With Anchor Graph
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Deep_Supervised_Hashing_With_Anchor_Graph_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Detecting 11K Classes: Large Scale Object Detection Without Fine-Grained Bounding Boxes
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yang_Detecting_11K_Classes_Large_Scale_Object_Detection_Without_Fine-Grained_Bounding_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Re-ID Driven Localization Refinement for Person Search
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Han_Re-ID_Driven_Localization_Refinement_for_Person_Search_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Hierarchical Encoding of Sequential Data With Compact and Sub-Linear Storage Cost
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Le_Hierarchical_Encoding_of_Sequential_Data_With_Compact_and_Sub-Linear_Storage_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
C-MIDN: Coupled Multiple Instance Detection Network With Segmentation Guidance for Weakly Supervised Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gao_C-MIDN_Coupled_Multiple_Instance_Detection_Network_With_Segmentation_Guidance_for_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Feature-to-Feature Translator by Alternating Back-Propagation for Generative Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhu_Learning_Feature-to-Feature_Translator_by_Alternating_Back-Propagation_for_Generative_Zero-Shot_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Constrained Dominant Sets for Person Re-Identification
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Alemu_Deep_Constrained_Dominant_Sets_for_Person_Re-Identification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Invariant Information Clustering for Unsupervised Image Classification and Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ji_Invariant_Information_Clustering_for_Unsupervised_Image_Classification_and_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Subspace Structure-Aware Spectral Clustering for Robust Subspace Clustering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yamaguchi_Subspace_Structure-Aware_Spectral_Clustering_for_Robust_Subspace_Clustering_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Order-Preserving Wasserstein Discriminant Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Su_Order-Preserving_Wasserstein_Discriminant_Analysis_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
LayoutVAE: Stochastic Scene Layout Generation From a Label Set
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Jyothi_LayoutVAE_Stochastic_Scene_Layout_Generation_From_a_Label_Set_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Robust Variational Bayesian Point Set Registration
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhou_Robust_Variational_Bayesian_Point_Set_Registration_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Is an Affine Constraint Needed for Affine Subspace Clustering?
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/You_Is_an_Affine_Constraint_Needed_for_Affine_Subspace_Clustering_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Meta-Learning to Detect Rare Objects
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Meta-Learning_to_Detect_Rare_Objects_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
New Convex Relaxations for MRF Inference With Unknown Graphs
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_New_Convex_Relaxations_for_MRF_Inference_With_Unknown_Graphs_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Cluster Alignment With a Teacher for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Deng_Cluster_Alignment_With_a_Teacher_for_Unsupervised_Domain_Adaptation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Analyzing the Variety Loss in the Context of Probabilistic Trajectory Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Thiede_Analyzing_the_Variety_Loss_in_the_Context_of_Probabilistic_Trajectory_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Mesh Reconstruction From Single RGB Images via Topology Modification Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Pan_Deep_Mesh_Reconstruction_From_Single_RGB_Images_via_Topology_Modification_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
UprightNet: Geometry-Aware Camera Orientation Estimation From Single Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xian_UprightNet_Geometry-Aware_Camera_Orientation_Estimation_From_Single_Images_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Escaping Plato's Cave: 3D Shape From Adversarial Rendering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Henzler_Escaping_Platos_Cave_3D_Shape_From_Adversarial_Rendering_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep End-to-End Alignment and Refinement for Time-of-Flight RGB-D Module
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Qiu_Deep_End-to-End_Alignment_and_Refinement_for_Time-of-Flight_RGB-D_Module_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
GEOBIT: A Geodesic-Based Binary Descriptor Invariant to Non-Rigid Deformations for RGB-D Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Nascimento_GEOBIT_A_Geodesic-Based_Binary_Descriptor_Invariant_to_Non-Rigid_Deformations_for_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
CDTB: A Color and Depth Visual Object Tracking Dataset and Benchmark
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lukezic_CDTB_A_Color_and_Depth_Visual_Object_Tracking_Dataset_and_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Joint 2D-3D Representations for Depth Completion
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chen_Learning_Joint_2D-3D_Representations_for_Depth_Completion_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Make a Face: Towards Arbitrary High Fidelity Face Manipulation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Qian_Make_a_Face_Towards_Arbitrary_High_Fidelity_Face_Manipulation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
M2FPA: A Multi-Yaw Multi-Pitch High-Quality Dataset and Benchmark for Facial Pose Analysis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_M2FPA_A_Multi-Yaw_Multi-Pitch_High-Quality_Dataset_and_Benchmark_for_Facial_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Fair Loss: Margin-Aware Reinforcement Learning for Deep Face Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_Fair_Loss_Margin-Aware_Reinforcement_Learning_for_Deep_Face_Recognition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Face De-Occlusion Using 3D Morphable Model and Generative Adversarial Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yuan_Face_De-Occlusion_Using_3D_Morphable_Model_and_Generative_Adversarial_Network_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Detecting Photoshopped Faces by Scripting Photoshop
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Detecting_Photoshopped_Faces_by_Scripting_Photoshop_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Ego-Pose Estimation and Forecasting As Real-Time PD Control
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yuan_Ego-Pose_Estimation_and_Forecasting_As_Real-Time_PD_Control_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
End-to-End Learning for Graph Decomposition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Song_End-to-End_Learning_for_Graph_Decomposition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Laplace Landmark Localization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Robinson_Laplace_Landmark_Localization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Through-Wall Human Mesh Recovery Using Radio Signals
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhao_Through-Wall_Human_Mesh_Recovery_Using_Radio_Signals_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Discriminatively Learned Convex Models for Set Based Face Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Cevikalp_Discriminatively_Learned_Convex_Models_for_Set_Based_Face_Recognition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Camera Distance-Aware Top-Down Approach for 3D Multi-Person Pose Estimation From a Single RGB Image
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Moon_Camera_Distance-Aware_Top-Down_Approach_for_3D_Multi-Person_Pose_Estimation_From_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Context-Aware Emotion Recognition Networks
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lee_Context-Aware_Emotion_Recognition_Networks_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Head Pose Estimation Using Synthetic Images and Partial Adversarial Domain Adaption for Continuous Label Spaces
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kuhnke_Deep_Head_Pose_Estimation_Using_Synthetic_Images_and_Partial_Adversarial_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Flare in Interference-Based Hyperspectral Cameras
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Sassoon_Flare_in_Interference-Based_Hyperspectral_Cameras_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Computational Hyperspectral Imaging Based on Dimension-Discriminative Low-Rank Tensor Recovery
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhang_Computational_Hyperspectral_Imaging_Based_on_Dimension-Discriminative_Low-Rank_Tensor_Recovery_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Optics for Monocular Depth Estimation and 3D Object Detection
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chang_Deep_Optics_for_Monocular_Depth_Estimation_and_3D_Object_Detection_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Physics-Based Rendering for Improving Robustness to Rain
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Halder_Physics-Based_Rendering_for_Improving_Robustness_to_Rain_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
ARGAN: Attentive Recurrent Generative Adversarial Network for Shadow Detection and Removal
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ding_ARGAN_Attentive_Recurrent_Generative_Adversarial_Network_for_Shadow_Detection_and_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Deep Tensor ADMM-Net for Snapshot Compressive Imaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ma_Deep_Tensor_ADMM-Net_for_Snapshot_Compressive_Imaging_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Convex Relaxations for Consensus and Non-Minimal Problems in 3D Vision
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Probst_Convex_Relaxations_for_Consensus_and_Non-Minimal_Problems_in_3D_Vision_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Pareto Meets Huber: Efficiently Avoiding Poor Minima in Robust Estimation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zach_Pareto_Meets_Huber_Efficiently_Avoiding_Poor_Minima_in_Robust_Estimation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
K-Best Transformation Synchronization
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Sun_K-Best_Transformation_Synchronization_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Parametric Majorization for Data-Driven Energy Minimization Methods
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Geiping_Parametric_Majorization_for_Data-Driven_Energy_Minimization_Methods_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
A Bayesian Optimization Framework for Neural Network Compression
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ma_A_Bayesian_Optimization_Framework_for_Neural_Network_Compression_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
HiPPI: Higher-Order Projected Power Iterations for Scalable Multi-Matching
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Bernard_HiPPI_Higher-Order_Projected_Power_Iterations_for_Scalable_Multi-Matching_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Language-Conditioned Graph Networks for Relational Reasoning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Hu_Language-Conditioned_Graph_Networks_for_Relational_Reasoning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Tell, Draw, and Repeat: Generating and Modifying Images Based on Continual Linguistic Instruction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/El-Nouby_Tell_Draw_and_Repeat_Generating_and_Modifying_Images_Based_on_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Relation-Aware Graph Attention Network for Visual Question Answering
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Li_Relation-Aware_Graph_Attention_Network_for_Visual_Question_Answering_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Unpaired Image Captioning via Scene Graph Alignments
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gu_Unpaired_Image_Captioning_via_Scene_Graph_Alignments_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Modeling Inter and Intra-Class Relations in the Triplet Loss for Zero-Shot Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Le_Cacheux_Modeling_Inter_and_Intra-Class_Relations_in_the_Triplet_Loss_for_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Occlusion-Shared and Feature-Separated Network for Occlusion Relationship Reasoning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Lu_Occlusion-Shared_and_Feature-Separated_Network_for_Occlusion_Relationship_Reasoning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Mixture-Kernel Graph Attention Network for Situation Recognition
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Suhail_Mixture-Kernel_Graph_Attention_Network_for_Situation_Recognition_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning Similarity Conditions Without Explicit Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Tan_Learning_Similarity_Conditions_Without_Explicit_Supervision_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Joint Prediction for Kinematic Trajectories in Vehicle-Pedestrian-Mixed Scenes
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Bi_Joint_Prediction_for_Kinematic_Trajectories_in_Vehicle-Pedestrian-Mixed_Scenes_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning to Caption Images Through a Lifetime by Asking Questions
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Shen_Learning_to_Caption_Images_Through_a_Lifetime_by_Asking_Questions_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
VrR-VG: Refocusing Visually-Relevant Relationships
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liang_VrR-VG_Refocusing_Visually-Relevant_Relationships_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
TAPA-MVS: Textureless-Aware PAtchMatch Multi-View Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Romanoni_TAPA-MVS_Textureless-Aware_PAtchMatch_Multi-View_Stereo_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
U4D: Unsupervised 4D Dynamic Scene Understanding
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Mustafa_U4D_Unsupervised_4D_Dynamic_Scene_Understanding_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Hierarchical Point-Edge Interaction Network for Point Cloud Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Jiang_Hierarchical_Point-Edge_Interaction_Network_for_Point_Cloud_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Multi-Angle Point Cloud-VAE: Unsupervised Feature Learning for 3D Point Clouds From Multiple Angles by Joint Self-Reconstruction and Half-to-Half Prediction
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Han_Multi-Angle_Point_Cloud-VAE_Unsupervised_Feature_Learning_for_3D_Point_Clouds_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
P-MVSNet: Learning Patch-Wise Matching Confidence Aggregation for Multi-View Stereo
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Luo_P-MVSNet_Learning_Patch-Wise_Matching_Confidence_Aggregation_for_Multi-View_Stereo_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
SME-Net: Sparse Motion Estimation for Parametric Video Prediction Through Reinforcement Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ho_SME-Net_Sparse_Motion_Estimation_for_Parametric_Video_Prediction_Through_Reinforcement_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
ClothFlow: A Flow-Based Model for Clothed Person Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Han_ClothFlow_A_Flow-Based_Model_for_Clothed_Person_Generation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
LADN: Local Adversarial Disentangling Network for Facial Makeup and De-Makeup
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gu_LADN_Local_Adversarial_Disentangling_Network_for_Facial_Makeup_and_De-Makeup_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Point-to-Point Video Generation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wang_Point-to-Point_Video_Generation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Semantics-Enhanced Adversarial Nets for Text-to-Image Synthesis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Tan_Semantics-Enhanced_Adversarial_Nets_for_Text-to-Image_Synthesis_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
VTNFP: An Image-Based Virtual Try-On Network With Body and Clothing Feature Preservation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yu_VTNFP_An_Image-Based_Virtual_Try-On_Network_With_Body_and_Clothing_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Boundless: Generative Adversarial Networks for Image Extension
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Teterwak_Boundless_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_for_Image_Extension_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Image Synthesis From Reconfigurable Layout and Style
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Sun_Image_Synthesis_From_Reconfigurable_Layout_and_Style_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Attribute Manipulation Generative Adversarial Networks for Fashion Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Ak_Attribute_Manipulation_Generative_Adversarial_Networks_for_Fashion_Images_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Few-Shot Unsupervised Image-to-Image Translation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_Few-Shot_Unsupervised_Image-to-Image_Translation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Very Long Natural Scenery Image Prediction by Outpainting
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Yang_Very_Long_Natural_Scenery_Image_Prediction_by_Outpainting_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Scaling Recurrent Models via Orthogonal Approximations in Tensor Trains
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Mehta_Scaling_Recurrent_Models_via_Orthogonal_Approximations_in_Tensor_Trains_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
A Deep Cybersickness Predictor Based on Brain Signal Analysis for Virtual Reality Contents
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Kim_A_Deep_Cybersickness_Predictor_Based_on_Brain_Signal_Analysis_for_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Learning With Unsure Data for Medical Image Diagnosis
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wu_Learning_With_Unsure_Data_for_Medical_Image_Diagnosis_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Recursive Cascaded Networks for Unsupervised Medical Image Registration
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhao_Recursive_Cascaded_Networks_for_Unsupervised_Medical_Image_Registration_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
DUAL-GLOW: Conditional Flow-Based Generative Model for Modality Transfer
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Sun_DUAL-GLOW_Conditional_Flow-Based_Generative_Model_for_Modality_Transfer_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Dilated Convolutional Neural Networks for Sequential Manifold-Valued Data
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhen_Dilated_Convolutional_Neural_Networks_for_Sequential_Manifold-Valued_Data_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Align, Attend and Locate: Chest X-Ray Diagnosis via Contrast Induced Attention Network With Limited Supervision
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_Align_Attend_and_Locate_Chest_X-Ray_Diagnosis_via_Contrast_Induced_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Joint Acne Image Grading and Counting via Label Distribution Learning
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Wu_Joint_Acne_Image_Grading_and_Counting_via_Label_Distribution_Learning_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
An Alarm System for Segmentation Algorithm Based on Shape Model
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Liu_An_Alarm_System_for_Segmentation_Algorithm_Based_on_Shape_Model_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
HistoSegNet: Semantic Segmentation of Histological Tissue Type in Whole Slide Images
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Chan_HistoSegNet_Semantic_Segmentation_of_Histological_Tissue_Type_in_Whole_Slide_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Prior-Aware Neural Network for Partially-Supervised Multi-Organ Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Zhou_Prior-Aware_Neural_Network_for_Partially-Supervised_Multi-Organ_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
CAMEL: A Weakly Supervised Learning Framework for Histopathology Image Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Xu_CAMEL_A_Weakly_Supervised_Learning_Framework_for_Histopathology_Image_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Conditional Recurrent Flow: Conditional Generation of Longitudinal Samples With Applications to Neuroimaging
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Hwang_Conditional_Recurrent_Flow_Conditional_Generation_of_Longitudinal_Samples_With_Applications_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Multi-Stage Pathological Image Classification Using Semantic Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Takahama_Multi-Stage_Pathological_Image_Classification_Using_Semantic_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Semantic-Transferable Weakly-Supervised Endoscopic Lesions Segmentation
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Dong_Semantic-Transferable_Weakly-Supervised_Endoscopic_Lesions_Segmentation_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
Unsupervised Microvascular Image Segmentation Using an Active Contours Mimicking Neural Network
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Gur_Unsupervised_Microvascular_Image_Segmentation_Using_an_Active_Contours_Mimicking_Neural_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
GLAMpoints: Greedily Learned Accurate Match Points
https://openaccess.thecvf.comcontent_ICCV_2019/papers/Truong_GLAMpoints_Greedily_Learned_Accurate_Match_Points_ICCV_2019_paper.pdf
